Video 1

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to the version 2 of the podcast. I have been away for quite a while and I decided to restart the podcast, but this time it's going to be a video podcast. I've just invested in this studio here, which is very, very cool. I'm so excited to be back and being able to share that with you guys. Anyway, without further ado, let's start. I wanted to talk about AI, Because since I stopped the podcast, maybe two years ago, something like this, a lot of things have changed. A lot of things have become a lot easier for everybody. The big thing that has changed is something that you've probably heard a lot is AI. You might be like, Oh, my God, there's another video about AI. I'm not interested. Well, I'm going to give you my perspective and the keys to be able to profit from AI in my perspective and what I am doing currently and why it's working for me. So obviously, unless you're living under a rock, you know about ChatGPT and about AI. And what people don't understand is what AI actually does. So AI will allow something that was reserved for a company with 100 employees back in the days to be done by two or three people.

Speaker 1 (01:26)
Because AI can take care of all the repetitive tasks, some of the analysis, some of the calculations and stuff like that. Right now, you have a unique, unique opportunity to be able to basically build a unicorn, an empire, just using AI with a fraction of the time and a fraction of the cost. Because before that cost, obviously, was going into people, recruiting and everything. So these are the amazing opportunities of AI. And well, yours truly, as you know, that's This is what I like to do. I've been spending the last... Gee, I think ChatGPT was December 2022, something like that. I've been spending all this time working on AI, and I've done a lot of different things, and this is what I want to talk to you guys about. The opportunities for you are pretty endless. That is precisely the problem because there are two sides to this thing. Obviously, AI will bring so many opportunities, and it opens so many opportunities for me of things that I couldn't do before because it was requiring so much time, so much effort, or maybe I just didn't have the knowledge to do it, but now I can.

Speaker 1 (02:44)
Guys, I have built the most amazing things using AI, and this is something that I will share with you guys later, or some of you guys, if you're in my mastermind, if you're watching this, then I'm sharing that with you. There are two sides to the coin. One is going to be fantastic opportunities for you to be able to build a business, starting this business very fast and running the business at a profit because you don't need to hire staff. Every day, there's a new AI that's coming that does different things. Some AIs have actually specialized. Basically, you take a big market and then you just take a small segment of the market and you just specialize on it. There are some AI tools like... What was this one? There was one that was... They specialized in making profile pictures. They didn't specialize in, Oh, let me make images for anything. They took stuff that you can see in Midjourney or DALL-E, and they really specialized on influencer pictures, and they were making $1 million a day. A day. It's ridiculous. You have these opportunities. But what I want you guys to understand is this, is there's a flip side to this stuff, and I personally go through this stuff.

Speaker 1 (04:05)
It's this, is AI is going to bring so many opportunities that you will probably be paralyzed because you don't know which one to choose. And that is a big problem. So you've heard of the analysis paralysis. This is exactly what can happen to you if you're not careful. So in my own experience, this is how it started for me. Chatgpt came out, and now all of these AIs started pumping left and right. I was like, oh, my God, let me check this. And then you go, you check something that has absolutely nothing to do with what you want to do. It's just cool. Generous. It's this really cool image of a kitty. I don't need it, but it's cool. Then the next day, there's another one. Then I spend my time just looking at, Oh, wow, what is this AI? What is this one? Blah, blah, blah. At the end of the day, they all look like a valuable business that could be super profitable if I focus on it. But because there are so many of them that come out every single day and they're so cool, guess what? I lose my focus. The key here for AI is not going to be the access to AI, because we all have access to AI, all of us, pretty much.

Speaker 1 (05:25)
If you have a computer or if you can go to a library that has a computer or something, you will have access to, let's say, 90% of whatever I have access to as well. Some people know the hidden ones and stuff. Access is not the problem. Everybody will have access to the same AI. Now, the difference is going to be made in the focus. Are you able to focus on one particular AI or a set of two that you actually need? And you don't get sidetracked with all the shiny, the glamorous ones that are coming every single day. And that is, guys, it's a lot harder to restrain yourself and not get carried away than to actually be successful with something. I will say that if you pick something and you do it every day, your chances of being successful are a thousand times higher than if you just go left and right because there's so many opportunities. So I'm telling you this by experience. This is what I went through myself. Every single day, I'm like, Oh, wow, I really love this AI and stuff. At some point, I just realized that, wow, you know what?

Speaker 1 (06:40)
I have spent the last three days looking at all these AIs and stuff, and nothing has moved. Because I just run in circle. This is what I have for you. If you understand this critical concept, the concept is your success is going to be determined by your ability to focus and not get sidetracked by the new AIs. If you understand this, you are better off than most of the population because this is where the real money is going to be made. Okay, so how do you do this practically? Because it's easy for me to tell you this. It's not easy even for me to restrain myself. Because, again, you guys know the way I built my life and the way I built my business is that I automated everything, which means I have time. I have time to explore all these AIs. I have time to go over YouTube videos about this AI and this AI and stuff. I had to find a system to be able to stay focused. And this is what I have for you. And this is what I do. I don't know if that's the best way of doing things.

Speaker 1 (07:49)
I know it works for me. What you want to do is you want to draw some a roadmap or sketching You start with where you are right now and you put the destination of what you want to achieve, where you want to go. And there's a line in there. So once you have this line, you need to map out every single thing you need, every milestone that you need on your way to that goal. You write them down. So that is your roadmap. This is what you're going to do. And from now on, as hard as it is, because it is hard and with practice, you get better. What you're going to do is this, is you are basically going to look at milestone number one, and you're going to ask yourself, Okay, what is it that I need to do in this milestone number one? What are the tasks that I need to do? You write them down. Now, when you look at an AI, if that AI helps you make this easier, faster, or more enjoyable, then it's a good to look into, and then you can adopt that AI. That thing here will keep you focused and will make a big difference in compared to other people who are just going to go left and right and never, ever achieve anything.

Speaker 1 (09:13)
Me, this is what I have been doing for the past, I'll say for the past six months, consciously doing this every single day and trying to resist the urge and the shiny object syndrome of going out and getting this new AI that does this and this And guys, I can even begin to explain the changes that it made in my business. So now I'm going to give you an example. I have something that I call my infinite leads system. So I created a system that will give me an infinite number of leads. And I just looked at, okay, in order to achieve this, what are the components that I need? What are the tasks? And my job was, and it's still not finished, So there's still stuff that I can improve. But my job was I need to find and acquire technology or tools that are going to make each of these steps a lot easier and preferably completely automated for me so that this thing can basically see the day of light. And I am proud to tell you guys today, my infinite lead system is fantastic. So in addition to generating leads every single day, so I can I generate a lead.

Speaker 1 (10:30)
For example, if I'm looking for, let's say, a marketing director from an advertising company in Dakota that has been there for 10 years and the company has 200 employees, then I can get that person's contact, and I can get more than just their contact. I know everything about them. I can automatically write some emails that will speak directly to them with ice breakers and everything. It's all automated. Because what I've done is I basically acquired technology at every single step to make this a reality. Just by doing this, guys, I was able to create something. I will never, ever run out of leads, which is a problem that most people have, most businesses, what is their problem is leads. I do not have this problem anymore because I was able to this. I invite you to do this. Actually, the best thing for you guys to do is this. You will write this roadmap. Do this. Do this exercise. It's not complicated. It's going to be even simpler because you are going to write this roadmap with stuff that you are doing today. Forget about what you want to do tomorrow. You have to start a new business.

Speaker 1 (11:58)
You have this new and stuff. Forget about this. We can get to that later. We want... Your brain is like a muscle. You need to train your brain. You're going to do it with stuff that you are doing right now. It's going to take you five minutes to list those things. You're going to get good practice. You're going to do the first one. Okay, what is that task that I need to do? Okay. And you'll probably start with those tasks that you don't like to do because they take your energy away. All right. And you're going to implement what I just told you there. You list the task and then you find the right AIs that allow you to carry that task. And then you move on to the next task and then to the next. And then next thing you know, this is what's going to happen. These are the byproducts of this is next thing you know, you are going to be able to save so much time in your life so that you will have now the time and the brainpower, the processing power to go out and start looking at potential new ideas.

Speaker 1 (12:55)
And because you've already executed on many things that you already to do, you will have a process, you have a system that will allow you to basically go from idea to execution really, really fast. So this is what I want you to do. I have to be an actionable video. If you're still watching this video, thank you, first of all. But secondly, you're going to have an unfair advantage over everybody who decided not to watch the video. Action steps. Look at what it is that you're doing right now. Don't worry about the future and stuff, what you're doing right now. Then create that roadmap, find the tools. Tackle the first one, do the second one, do the third one, do the fourth one. At some point, guys, you'll have so much time, and then now you have time to go think, have new opportunities and stuff. Now you can look into the new opportunities. Just do this. Trust me, I've done this for the last six months, and the difference has been absolutely amazing. I've been able to find the right combinations of AIs that make... My life was already easy, but now it's a lot easier.

Speaker 1 (14:09)
Should you use AI? That's the thing. People are like, Oh, yeah, but should I use AI What does the human connection and stuff like that? Here's what I'm going to tell you. Ai is here and it's here to stay. If you're not using AI, someone else is using AI. And that person is going to be able to produce a lot, a lot more than you. They're going to be able to execute a lot faster than you and stuff. Now, the thing is, do you want to compare yourself to other people and stuff like that? No, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is competitively on the market, these people will have a best, statistically a better chance than you to actually reach that goal because they can just execute super fast with the same quality. And if they can do it 10 times faster than you with the same quality, then they have an advantage. So you definitely need to look into AI. You cannot live under a rock and thinking that, well, I don't need AI. But if you have the right framework and the right strategy, just like the one I gave you, that works for me, I don't know, some people have their own way of doing things, then you're going to be better off.

Speaker 1 (15:20)
Because I am using AI. For example, this video here, maybe this is going to be turned into a short or something like that. And maybe the short that you are seeing right now has been done with AI because I'm going to drop this into a software, it's going to create that, and then it's going to spread it everywhere. If you have to do this manually or if you have to hire people to do this, then you cannot be competitive. That is what I wanted to tell you about AI. Remember, guys, the challenge is not going to be the availability of the AI or the access you have about the AI because There's so many of them. We all have access to them. The key is going to be how much you can focus and how you can build the right tech stack of AI tools that are basically going to compress the time between idea and execution or clients who signs and then the delivery. If you're able to compress this, make it easier, faster, better for you, then you win. That's pretty much it. Now, what I do is this, is I have courses and I have a mastermind where I basically show people in the mastermind, what is it that I do?

Speaker 1 (16:47)
The system that I just told you, I will basically demonstrate it and I will show my own tech stack. What is it that I do to make sure that I press a few buttons and then stuff happens? Hundreds of tasks, hundreds. You don't have to go and look around, okay, which one should I take and stuff. We can actually work together based on your objective. What is it that you're trying to do? Then we will identify the best tech stack, the best milestones, first of all, because sometimes, well, you need the map. It's like Google Map. You need the map to take you there. I can design this map. We will work on it together. And then we will put the right pitch stops in there, and then we'll find the right tech stack so that you can execute. And I have a team. We help people execute and to hold them accountable. So we actually do them with them step by step so that at the end of, let's say, 30 days, you have a whole business that is basically running by itself using AI. And that's specific to you. You're not copying anybody else's business.

Speaker 1 (17:50)
You have your own business that makes sense to you, that makes the right profit that you want, that makes your life easier, and it gives you a happy life because this is we want at the end of the day. If this is something that you are interested in, so what you can do is obviously follow this channel. If you're still watching, thank you very much. Make sure to follow the channel. But also I will leave a link under this video and we can chat if that's something that's of interest for you. We can definitely see how we can make it happen for you guys. Guys, I am so pumped to be here because this is the first episode after a good two years and it's a new setup. I bought this really cool thing. I hope you guys like it. That's pretty much it, guys. I will see you in the next episode. Thank you very much. If you are not subscribed to the channel, make sure to subscribe to the channel. Leave your comments in there. Maybe there's something I forgot. What is your key in terms of the future of AI? Where do you think the difference is going to lie?

Speaker 1 (18:55)
In my case, it's focus. What do you think? Let me know in the comments, and I will see you in the next episode. Thank you. Bye.
 
Video 2

Speaker 1 (00:00)
What is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of the podcast. So happy to be here. And guys, today we are going to talk about something that we all misunderstand, and it is luck. Okay? Look, you hear very often, Oh, man, this guy was so lucky. He did this, or this happens to them, or something. Or maybe some people think you are lucky because let's say you have a business and you are able to achieve some things that they haven't done. So we use this word luck a lot. A lot of people use it. And it can actually be sometimes... You can sometimes be offended even when people call you lucky, right? And I'm going to get to that afterwards. So what is luck to me? So for me, I will say something. I do not believe in luck. I just wanted for you guys to understand this. I don't think that there's something called luck. There's no such thing as luck. For me, luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Nothing happens by accident. So you hear, for example, I remember hearing people telling Mark Cuban. If you guys know Mark Cuban, if you follow Shark Tank, for example, is one of these guys there.

Speaker 1 (01:25)
He owns a team called Dallas Mavericks. He's a very famous entrepreneur. I really I like the guy. I read a whole bunch of his books. But here's the thing. Some people basically told them, well, you were lucky because you sold your company during the dot com bubble, when there was the boom of the dot com. But here's the thing. I want you guys to understand something is that when it was time to sell, he had a business. I don't know if just like this, oh, I'm lucky I have a business. No, you have to build the damn business. So the opportunity came to sell the business, but you need to have the business in the first place. All right? So that's not luck. Now, secondly, you need to have a business that is generating enough money so that people want to buy it. And you cannot tell me that this is luck. Jesus Christ, I haven't done anything. Now this business is making money. So there is a lot of work that went into it. Yes, there was the timing. The timing was the right timing to sell. And for example, all these people who said, well, he was lucky because he sold and blah, blah, blah.

Speaker 1 (02:39)
Why didn't they make money then? If it was just luck. They and they make money, guess what? Because they had no business and they didn't have or maybe they had a business, but the business was losing money. He had a profitable business that he built with blood, sweat, and tears. And it was the right moment and people were interested, and then he was able to negotiate. If you ask me, there is no such thing as luck. You have to be prepared. Preparation. People do not see all the hours. That you spent building that business. In that example, who knows how many hours, soupless nights, and worrying about how to make payroll and all that stuff that he went through for years, let's say 10 years. Nobody cares about it. People see the moment when you sell the business and, oh, it was the right time, you were lucky. No. And it's the same for you. You have a specialty. You have something that you've worked on for years. You basically built your craft. Now when And then when the opportunity comes and someone tells you you're lucky, you're like, dude, so why are you not profiting from it?

Speaker 1 (03:51)
Because you don't have that skill. Okay? So one thing that I realized is there are different types of luck. Okay? What people call luck. I guess I don't think there is luck because it still requires action on your part. So if I go play the lottery, it's probabilities. My probability of winning is very low. But I did buy the ticket. If you don't buy the ticket, you don't win. So as lucky as it is, I still had to go buy the damn ticket. So there is still an element of action on your part. And in most cases, what people call luck, again, it's a series of actions and compounding over years and years and years. But what I realized is that there are four different types of luck. Okay, so now, number one. So number one is the one I just mentioned here, which is sheer luck, which is the lottery. I have very little control over the numbers. I can go buy the damn ticket, but the numbers, I don't necessarily have control over it. And this one, I think, is the most dangerous one. And this is one that, for example, when I advise people, I always try to make sure that they understand this concept and that they pay attention to it in the sense that, for example, when someone comes to me and tells me, Hey, do you think I should quit my job and start my business?

Speaker 1 (05:27)
And stuff like that, I always tell them no. The Please do not do that. So people who tell you this, you're a beginner, they tell you, Hey, just leave your job and just go do this. It's just my opinion, but I don't think they have your best interest at heart because of that first type of luck. Let's say, for example, you open this, and I've seen it many times with drop shipping or something. Someone starts a drop shipping store and they randomly pick a product and then, bang, it's a hit, they make money. Now people will tell you, Hey, go and quit everything and focus on this. Me, my take is, okay, because there's this sheer luck thingy that still require you building the store, right? What I advise you to do is to have at least six consecutive months of that luck being repeated because now you have a system. And when you have a system, it is time for you to go out with confidence and with data to go out and dedicate your your time to it. Because that first thing is the sheer luck is something that you don't control. Something happened and you cannot explain what it was.

Speaker 1 (06:45)
If you don't know what it is, how do you reproduce it? That is the concept that you want to understand. Something that happens and you're like, oh, my God. I've seen people, I have a friend like this who made a little a lot of money with cryptocurrencies. And a lot of people, unfortunately, with crypto, that's what will happen. They go, they hear about this random stock, oh, yeah, and this random product, they put some money and then the thing goes to the moon and they're like, oh, my God, I'm a crypto king. And then these are the people who lose money. So he made a little bit of money. He has absolutely no idea why this thing went up, what were the patterns or anything like that. And then next time, guess what? He's going to lose money. Because of that first type luck, which is sheer luck. Now, the second type of luck is the one I was telling you about is luck that is caused by your hard work and your preparation. It's not luck. You have worked so hard at this stuff that you can see patterns and you're good what you do.

Speaker 1 (08:00)
So you can actually not predict the future, but you have systems in place that will allow you to create your own luck. And this is why I tell people, wait until you have six months of consecutive results so that you can move on because you have a system. And then that system is basically going to have luck working in your favor instead of being, well, you know what I mean? So in In my case, and probably in your case. So in my case, basically I build businesses and people who are in my courses or in my mastermind or something. What we do is we build systems because systems are predictable, they're replicable, and they can work 24/7. And once you have, you find that one system, you can just create more and more and more of them. And the outcome is not 100% guaranteed. The process is guaranteed, and it gives you better odds of actually getting what you want. And so that is the second type. All the hard work that you put in, all the knowledge for every single day, you're sitting and that's what I'm doing. I'm sitting at my desk, I'm learning new stuff, I'm acquiring new skills, and I basically execute, execute, execute, which basically now puts the odds a little bit more in my favor, and I can actually go and cause my own luck.

Speaker 1 (09:24)
All right? And that is the second type of luck, luck, quote unquote. And you need to make sure that you're not in the first case, because that first case, you're going to go up, you're going to crash and burn very, very quickly. Okay? So second type of luck is the luck that is basically caused by, provoked by your hard work and your dedication over the years. Now, the third type, there's a third type of luck, which is you have been doing this for so long and you are so in that field that you are now able to see opportunities where people cannot see them because your eye is strained and then you understand all the mechanics, you understand the ecosystem, and you can see where the trends are going. Instead of being a follower of like, oh, my God, everybody's doing this, you will be able to see stuff before it happens. And this is the third type of luck. So these are things that So number two, number three, and number four that I will get to, these are not things you cannot do this overnight. And this is something that I just have to be honest with you guys.

Speaker 1 (10:38)
There's no magic peel or silver bullet or something like you will wake up one day and then you can get to level two, three, or four. You can't. There's no way around it. You have to do the repetitions. You have to get your hands dirty, go learn every single day. But the benefits of this are fabulous. For example, The last time we were talking about AI. You woke up when ChatGPT came out. Oh my God, ChatGPT, when everybody started using ChatGPT. But there are some people who created those AI tools before the ChatGPT came out. And those people made billions because they knew where the market was going. If you do not develop the skill, you will basically not get invited to the party. You'll be late at the and then, well, you basically have to fight for scraps. That only comes with experience and learning every single day, understanding everything about your market, about other markets, because sometimes you can see stuff that works on other markets, other countries, and then you can see, wow, this trend is coming around here. So one thing that I want to tell you is, let's say, for example, if you're in the US, if you're in the US, usually stuff will start around the US or something.

Speaker 1 (12:00)
But even in the US, there are things that happen in a specific zone. In Silicon Valley, for example, go look what is happening over there. What are people talking about over there? So you can see before it actually spreads to the whole of America, what is coming. If you are in a different country, usually what happens is, usually, it's not always the case, but stuff might actually start in the US. But you watching, and it might take a year or two before it actually makes it to the country you're in. If you have a year or two ahead of all your competitors and you can see, oh, this thing is going to be big and you're prepared for it, guess what? By the time whoever is the biggest player in the American market for this thing comes to your country, you already dominate the country. And I've seen it happen many, many times. So that is, again, this is the third type of luck, which is you are very good, based on your experience and your knowledge at predicting what is coming next, and then you are going to be able to provoke your luck.

Speaker 1 (13:09)
Now, there's the fourth one. So the fourth one is this one. So the fourth The next one is that you have become so good at something that any opportunities will come to you. You don't have to look for them. These opportunities are going to look for you. For example, Sam Altman, I think that's the guy's name, the guy from OpenAI. This guy is so good now. He's the reference. If you have a marvelous idea for an AI thing that you think is going to be the next thing, who are you going to go to talk to? You're going to go to this guy. And so this is when you have reached a level and you have such a reputation and a track record that, again, You cannot do this overnight, guys. And so what I'm telling you here, this is over maybe decades, five years or something. You need to build that reputation, and not a fake reputation. You need to execute and you need to have a track record so that people know, Hey, if you want to talk about, I don't know, funnels or if you want to talk about automations, talk to this guy.

Speaker 1 (14:24)
He is this guy or this girl. And now every opportunity is going to come to you. This is how The richer, the rich get richer. For example, like a Warren Buffet or something, his reputation, he doesn't need to go out and hunt for deals. How many times you think the guy gets pitched? Or Shark Tank, you see these guys, do they go out and look for the deals and stuff? Probably they do. But there's a whole show that's dedicated for people to come and pitch stuff to them. So luck is coming to you. And this is what you want to achieve. The ultimate level is that number four. You want to be so good, so respected, and have a trusted, and have a track record on your market that will basically attract luck. You'll be a magnet for, quote, unquote, luck. There's nothing lucky about it. The reason why everything comes to you is what? It's because you've done the work and you've demonstrated that you can do it. These are the different types. In summary, Here's the thing. The last thing you want to do is to be stuck at level one. Don't be stuck at level one because you have no control over what happened.

Speaker 1 (15:39)
You cannot reproduce this. And next time, dude, it might be the complete opposite and you're going to be in trouble. You want to get to at least level two. And level two just requires, and I'm just being honest with you guys, it just requires dedication, it requires work and repetition. And the The best way to do this is to be passionate. You have to be passionate about this stuff. It's the only way. So whatever it is. So you don't have to be the reference in AI. If you're not passionate about AI, find Be passionate about something you are passionate about because that passion will basically help you put on the repetition, the time, etc, because that's the only way to do this. Be passionate about something. It doesn't matter what it is. Be passionate, Just execute, execute, execute. And because of this, you'll be able to create systems. These systems will then help you promote your luck. Now, once you've built enough systems and you've seen enough markets, you will be able to spot, Oh, my God, there you go. Let me go. Let me put my money there. Let me put my time there.

Speaker 1 (16:47)
And then at some point, after you put your money, your time, and you have a track record, guess what? Everybody's going to come to you. So that is exactly the things that we cover in my mastermind. I do have a I have some courses as well. And these are the things that we go over in the mastermind. And I help people get from this level one of luck to level four in a least amount of time. Well, not time, yet, least amount of effort by using AI, by using automation, by giving them the roadmap of exactly what to do, what not to do, the right mindset to get this done. And if this is something that you So you understand this concept. You're like, well, I do. And just what I'm asking you to do is I'm telling you stuff and you might be like, yeah, maybe. I want you to just think of another market. What is the market you're in? Think of that market. There will be someone in that market who's the absolute God, the absolute reference. In sports, let's say there's a team and this coach, we want this coach because that coach has demonstrated blah, blah, blah, and that coach keeps winning rings.

Speaker 1 (17:58)
And you're like, how does he win rings? Well, it's because of this. It's because the best teams go to him and he has demonstrated. Okay? And so this is what we do. We will build this roadmap to take you from, dude, I have no idea what I'm doing, to, Oh, my God, I got lucky. This thing happened, to, You will be able to provoke your luck every single day, and then luck is going to come to you. And when you reach this point, guys, you will never, ever have a shortage of leads or opportunities or income or anything or peace of mind. And this is what I want for you guys. Okay? So, yeah, that's pretty much it for this episode, guys. Hopefully it was interesting for you guys. Just remember those four types of luck and just remember that you need to make sure you're not on number one. Now, if you're interested in going from number one to number four and then be able to have all the opportunities in the world so that you actually say no to most of them and you have a very comfortable and enjoyable and nice life, then by any means, I'm going to leave a link or something.

Speaker 1 (19:11)
Just click on the link and then we can get in touch. Otherwise, if you're not subscribed to the channel and you think that this is actually bringing you value every single day, please make sure to subscribe and hit the notification bell because it does help with the algorithm and it tells me that I'm doing the right thing. Also, let me know in the comments what you think. Do you think there's another type of luck that I missed? Make sure to let me know in the comments. That's pretty much it. I will see you in the next episode. Bye.
 
Video 3

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Guys, welcome to a brand new episode of your favorite podcast, I hope. And this is Martin, guys. Now, today we're basically going to talk about life, and the different stages of life, and how you can actually growth hack life and basically, let's say, flip it on its head. Because there are things that 99% of people will go through. And if you have that one secret, then you will be to have a spectacular life. What do I mean? Let me start very quickly. There are, let's say, three different stages in your life. You will start when you're young. When you're young, before we go through the different stages, I need to tell you about there is a trinity. There are three things that we're going to look at. You have your health, you have your wealth, and you have time. Health, wealth, time. The thing is this Holy Trinity is supposed to be impossible to achieve. But in this video, I'm basically going to show you how I achieve this. What do I mean by this? The first step is when you're young, you're a kid, okay? When you're a kid, you have health because you can run for hours and you have time, right?

Speaker 1 (01:24)
But you do not have the wealth. You have no money, all right? We all go through this stage. I mean, unless you were born in a super rich family and that stuff, but you don't physically have the money. Your parents have the money. Okay? And we all go through this stuff. Now, one thing that's very interesting about this period there is that because you don't have any money, this is where you're very creative. I just realized this when deciding to record this video. The The periods where you had to be the most creative was when you basically had no money. Well, dude, I cannot run ads. I don't have the budget, right? So I need to find a way to do stuff. And this is actually the foundation of growth hacking. Growth Hacking. Growth Hacking is basically, dude, I don't have the budget of a Coca-Cola or something, but I want to be able to achieve the same results as they do without the money. So what do I do? Okay? And this is where you have initiatives For example, things like Hotmail, Dropbox, and all these examples of companies or even iPhones, that basically they were able, without actually spending a lot of money, to spread very fast.

Speaker 1 (02:44)
For those of you guys who don't know, Hotmail, which is... I have a Hotmail address, so that tells you I'm an OG. But Hotmail, basically, what they did was every time you sent a message, there was a signature that was added that said, Oh, open a free Hotmail account or something. And so with a few users, they were able to then blow up and they reach like 100 million users. Don't quote me on the number. And then they got purchased by Microsoft without having to spend any money. Dropbox. Dropbox was the same thing. Dropbox was, Hey, open a Dropbox account, and if you invite your friends, then we will give you more space. And so everybody wants space. And then you invite friends, you get space, and then next thing you know, boom, it's a big thing. And iPhone, same thing. Iphone, when you send a message, what's at the bottom? Send from my iPhone. Some of you guys probably don't realize it, but this is like growth hacking. And one thing I realized is when you're a kid, you have to do a lot of a whole lot of growth hacking. You don't have any money.

Speaker 1 (03:46)
I think this is why we're so creative when we're kids. You can see kids, they will actually build. And it also depends on if you go to countries, for example, you go to Africa or When you go to Asia or something where people have, statistically, they have less money. I mean, the kids are so creative. The things that they can build is ridiculous. Something that in Europe, you'll go to the store and you'll buy it, people will build it. That is the first step in your life is when you are a kid. Again, you have the health, you have the time, but you don't have the money. Then you move to the second step of your life, which is now you're, let's say, an adult. Now you start working on stuff. And then guess what happens? Now you have a job, and now that job gives you money. And so now at this second stage, you have health, you have money, but now you don't have time because you have to work. That money doesn't fall from the sky. Again, unless you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth and money is just given to you, someone I actually had to work for it anyway.

Speaker 1 (05:01)
But this is the problem. So remember in the previous step, you had the time, but you didn't have the money. Now you have the money, you don't have the time. And this is probably where you're right now. Right now, you're like, Oh, my God, I'm making... And some could argue, yeah, I'm making money, but the money goes out straight away and blah, blah, blah, et cetera. But in actual fact, you feel pretty healthy. You can do sports, you can do stuff, you can go out, you don't have neck pain and stuff, but you do not have time. And a lot of people think that they are basically stuck in that, and that's how things are. And I'm here to tell you that it's not the case. If you know what to do and how to set up your business, how to set up your life, You can have that time back. This is what I do for myself. I've been doing this for the last 11 years, and this is what I do for people in my mastermind, for example, or people who buy my courses. What I give you, I give you the time back, which is that element that you're missing in that trinity.

Speaker 1 (06:05)
How do I give you your time back? By building systems. Systems that will do whatever it is that you have to do that takes your time right now, they will do it for you. That will free up your time. So now you have the health, you have the money, and then you do have the time. Now, if this is something you're like, Oh, okay, well, I want that in my life. I want to know how that works. There's going to be a link here, and then you're going to see how I'm doing this. But dude, I have systems I don't have any operational involvement in the company except coming up with new ideas and executing them. That's pretty much what I do because I understand this concept. So that second period of your life is the one where you are actually in right now. If you're looking at this, in most cases, it's because you are in that period of your life where you're interested in different things in your career and you want to find ways to get more time. Okay? And this is what people call the nine to 5:00, the blah, blah, blah.

Speaker 1 (07:07)
The life is repetitive. I'm not going to fall into the clichés because I'm not the person is going to tell you 9:00 to 5:00 is bad or something. I'm just going to tell you that there are ways for you to be able to achieve the same results with less time and completely automated with robots, especially now that we have AI. And now the third element of your life is, well, you now you have time, you're retired, you have money, hopefully because you save the money and stuff. But now your health is not necessarily the best. Your back hurts and stuff like that. And your whole life, you basically said, oh, I'm going to wait until then to start doing what it is that I want to do. But it turns out that when you get there, I mean, your back is so sore and you're so tired that you don't actually do do anything. And then at the end of your life, you have regrets. Oh, man, I should have done this. I should have done that, etc. When I was younger and stuff like that. Which a lot of people have those regrets. And that is one thing, for example, that I don't want in my life.

Speaker 1 (08:13)
I want to be able to say, you know what? I have what I call a kick ass lifestyle, which is if I wanted to do something, then I was able to do it. I didn't have to postpone it and wait until I'm old or wait until I have time and stuff like this. And this This is what I do. This is my mission. And this is what I've been doing for the last 13 years in my life to make sure that, hey, if I want to do something, if I think it's sexy, I don't have money problems, I don't have time problems, I don't have problems, I can do it now. And yeah, a lot of people When you see those videos of senior who basically give advice on life, a lot of them will tell you, Hey, you know what? You should have devoted more time to doing this and to doing that, blah, blah, blah. And so I certainly don't want to end up in that situation. But if you're watching this video, I don't want you to end up in that situation as well where you're going to have regrets and stuff.

Speaker 1 (09:06)
So I am not the generation that says, Yolo, you only live once and go do reckless things and stupid things. What I'm saying is there are ways to make sure that whatever it is that you want to do, it doesn't have to be reckless, it doesn't have to be stupid and crazy. You need to have the opportunity to do it because you are going to be one of the few people on this planet who has that trinity. Health, wealth, time. This is what I have right now, and this is what I'm building systems to allow people to have this item back in their life, which is time. Time, happiness, peace of mind. Again, we do that with systems. And so it's important, I think, for everybody to understand these seasons of life and to understand that holy trinity of the the pros and cons of each and every one of them. So if you do understand the pros and cons, then you can hack the system, can literally hack the system, especially in phase two and three. Phase one, you're a kid. I mean, usually you're not very conscious of those things and stuff. So you won't expect a kid to know these things and then actually put them into practice.

Speaker 1 (10:24)
But once you reach stage two and three, this is when you want to do those things. Okay? So if you are one of those people who think that, Hey, you know what? I would like to be able to have that time back in my life so that I'm healthy to go out and do everything that I want, and I don't have to worry about my finances. I don't have to ask someone for a holiday or something. Then if you want to talk, no worries. This is what I do. This is what I teach people in my mastermind. There will be a link here. Check out the resource. I can give you some tips and on how to execute, how to start doing this. But dude, when I realized this, a lot of things change because you might think that there are millions or gazillion things that you need to change. Well, there's not much, actually. You understand these three things. At each stage of your life, there's one thing that you need to focus on. How do I get that one thing there? What system, what habits, what philosophy, what mindset shift will allow me to get that missing piece from that stage of life?

Speaker 1 (11:31)
How do I get it? And that's it. That's what I did. And this is the result. I'm here. I'm able to live here in Bali and then do stuff and help people, probably like you, to get this done. Okay, so I guess that's pretty much it. There's not much else I have to tell you on the subject. If you're interested in content like this and you think that this is bringing you value, please, by any means, make sure to subscribe to the channel, hit the notification bell. And also, let me know what you think in the comments. Which stage of life are you in right now? I want to know who my audience is. Are you in stage one, two, or three? And if you're in that stage, what is the one item in that Trinity? Health, wealth, time? Which one is the one that is failing you, the one that you're after and you want a way to be able to achieve this? Now, I'm not a doctor or anything like that. So if it's health, then basically, maybe there are ways to get you enough money to get the health back or something.

Speaker 1 (12:37)
I don't know. But let me know in the comments. Well, thank you very much for sticking with me to this video. I will see you in the next one. Thank you very much. Bye.





Video 4

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to a new episode of this podcast. So today we are going to talk about productivity. Okay? Productivity is king. You've heard it. You have to be productive. So the most productive people are going to be the people who are going to reach higher levels of success. Okay? So you heard that many times. And so in this video, I'm going to teach you how you can go beyond productivity because there's something better than productivity. Actually, by looking for productivity, you're looking at it all wrong. And it might actually be the reason why there's nothing working for you. So first is this. So I basically fell in the productivity space because of how my business is structured. Let me explain something. And there is a track to this Okay, I'm going to explain. So as you guys know, maybe you don't know, maybe you're new to this channel, I specialize in building businesses that run completely without me. Okay? So I became very good at building processes and transforming those processes into systems and then into then automating those systems so that they run without me. All right? So what happens at the end of the day, when everything is running, what happens?

Speaker 1 (01:29)
Then Well, you have all the time in the world. I don't have to do anything operational. Now, the only thing I have to do right now today is this video that I have to do, that I choose to do. I basically designed my whole system so that I produce this video and it's going to be broken down into so many different pieces of content and it will go to so many channels and stuff. That's the only thing I have to do. But this is where I am today. But here is the problem. The problem, because there's a trap to it, is once you have 24 hours in a day and you're someone like me, so someone who loves to learn, who is passionate about what they do, I can't just sit around and do nothing. And so now you're going to feel that void with stuff. And that's why a lot of people tell me, dude, well, I thought you had a business that runs without you. Every time I call you to go out and do something, you tell me, dude, I'm working. Yes, because I can just sit around all day. It's not me.

Speaker 1 (02:35)
Some people like to do that. They go on holiday, they all sit in the sun for three hours. I can't. I'm learning new stuff. And that's the reason why I'm able to come up with new I love every single day and I stay on top of the market. But that basically me going from I have nothing to do to because I have nothing to do, I have time to go and explore and I still end up being busy. It's something that you guys need to I understand with the... So even what I'm doing, for example, if you get into one of my courses or my free academy. So I have a free community in there when I'm going to teach you those things. But I want to be honest with you guys. From the from the beginning so that if you know what's behind the wall, let's say there is a wall, there is a wall here, right? You don't know what's behind the wall. I can tell you once you have 24 hours in the day, then you will be very tempted to feel that with more knowledge and more stuff. Anyway, I digress here.

Speaker 1 (03:33)
Right? So what I wanted to tell you is this, is being productive helped me get to this point. At least I thought so. Because productivity is not what we think it is. We don't necessarily think about it in... And if you don't have the right approach of productivity or you're not chasing the right thing, it will lead you down the wrong path. So what do I mean? So you've probably heard productivity and efficiency. And it's very interchangeable. What's the difference? Productivity, efficiency, it's the same thing, blah, blah, blah. And this is what I was saying before. For me, sometimes when you need to position yourself in your copy, you'll say, Yeah, I have people with productivity, I have people with efficiency. You think it's the same thing. When I say you, it includes me. It's very recently that I realized, oh, well, these are actually two different things. Now, here's the kicker. I will say that efficiency is 100 times more valuable than productivity. You cannot have... I mean, for you to be successful, and this is what I thought, I thought that I only had to be productive. But productivity comes second. What needs to come first is efficiency.

Speaker 1 (05:03)
I'm going to explain the difference between efficiency and productivity. The difference is this, is When you're productive, let's say, for example, productivity means that you are going to be able to take a task, let's say you need to make a pizza, and instead of producing two pizzas an hour, you can produce 10 pizzas an hour. You can produce five times more pizzas than your neighbor, which is good. But here's the thing, what if nobody wants the damn pizza? You know what I mean? What if nobody wants the damn pizza? You're just producing those pizzas for nothing because that has zero impact on your restaurant. You could be very productive at the wrong thing. You understand? And so productivity means if I had to simplify things, productivity is your ability to do something faster and better than you were doing it yesterday or something or maybe your neighbor. But that's it. Okay? Why is that not enough? Well, imagine now in my restaurant, I look at the clients are coming and I look at the reports and I figured that, hey, people actually like pasta, and they like this specific pasta, which is, let's say, pasta primavera.

Speaker 1 (06:40)
Now, if I'm efficient, what do I do? I focus on the pasta primavera. Now, does it make a difference? It makes a huge difference. Now that I focus on the pasta primavera, now I can be productive and I can produce more of the pasta primavera. But before you When you are productive, you need to be efficient. And what is efficiency? Efficiency is to be able to focus on what actually matters. Disregard the rest. There are, and in many things, you've heard of the It's not the principle or the 80/20 rule. It's exactly the same principle. Is 20% of your activities are going to produce 80% of your revenue. It's not the exact figures and stuff. Sometimes it's 10/90, it could be 75, 75, but let's just assume 80, 20. Efficiency is finding those 20%, and then you become productive in those 20%, and that is how you actually make a huge, huge dent in the market. I fell in this trap. I'm being very honest with you guys. I'm always honest with you on this podcast. For many years, I did not understand the difference between being productive and being efficient. For example, there is...

Speaker 1 (08:07)
And I love basketball. I will give you an example for those of you guys who like sports. Let's say, for example, there's this guy or this woman. They bring that person, they're on the bench. They bring that person on the court for five minutes, and that person is efficient. They don't need to shoot 25 times. Let's say, for example, there's this guy, he will shoot, I don't know, like 30 times a game, he will score like 20 points. But there's this person, they will shoot five times and they will score 15 points. And that person is more efficient. Because what they do has a better impact where it matters. I don't know if that's a good example, but hopefully you understand what I mean. What you need to focus on, guys, and as I said, do not focus on being productive at first. You need to focus on being efficient first. Once you are efficient, you will become productive in whatever it is that you found. That is where the difference is going to be. Productivity is you being able to do one task faster and better than before. It doesn't mean that this is the right task to do.

Speaker 1 (09:24)
Efficiency is picking the right task that you need to do. I'm By integrating this in what you're doing, just rethink your whole business. Look at your business right now and look at the tasks that you're doing every single day. Because we all want to go to bed and think that, Hey, you know what? I've done this, I've done that, blah, blah, blah. I've been so productive, et cetera. You could be productive as stuff that doesn't matter. It's the same for me, guys. I spend time working on stuff that at the end of the day, I realize, Why am I doing this? It doesn't really I'm in the same boat as you guys. I'm not saying, Oh, I'm Almighty. I know all that stuff. I don't. This is what I'm going through right now myself, looking at, Okay, what are those things that are going to make a difference? Remember what I told you in this video is now I got to a point where this system that I've created, my efficiency is in producing this video here. That's a perfect example. I figured that this will allow me to be efficient. Making this one video will allow me to be efficient.

Speaker 1 (10:34)
Okay? So I focus my energy on this content. Now, in terms of productivity, now I'm more productive. What happens in the back-end? In the back-end, there are amazing automations that is going to happen. So basically this is going to be chopped into smaller pieces, and then those smaller pieces are going to go on social media. The second I'm going to put this on YouTube, there's going to be an email that's going to be generated to my list that's going to go to my Telegram, that's going to go to all my social media and all that stuff. This is the productivity. So you see how that works? The first step was for me to identify what is the one thing that I need to focus on. And once I've done that, I am productive spreading the word about this. It's going to be turned into an audio file. It goes on all the podcast. It will go on Spotify, blah, blah, blah. That is productivity. But you cannot start with the productivity. You start with the productivity, you have to start with the efficiency. If you do this, guys, you will be miles ahead of everybody.

Speaker 1 (11:39)
I can help you with this process. I'm not the world expert in to stop in the topic because I will be right there with you in that same boat. But I will show you what I do every day, my challenges and my journey of trying to be effective and not just productive. And that will be in my free community. So there is going to be a link in this video. So the first link, join the community. In the community, guys, I will show you stuff, what I do every day. I will give you backstage access of, Okay, this is what I'm doing. This is what I'm thinking of doing. Oh, wow, these are the results that I'm getting. I'm going to give you hacks. I'm going to give you the strategies that work for me. I'm going to give you some automations that I've created so that you can implement them yourself. I'm going to teach you how you can build a business that runs completely without you. It's all in the community. It's for free. I don't know if I mentioned it's free. Join us. Here's the thing. I want to make this the best possible community on the planet for people who like to think.

Speaker 1 (12:47)
I don't want anyone who's gullible, a sheep who's going to go, come here and moan and stuff. I want those people who are thinkers and who want to basically get into an environment where there's going to be mental stimulations and we can all help each other. If that's you, there's a link right under this video. The first link is going to be the community. Also, if you do like these videos and you want to help me grow this channel and help other people, then by any means, please go ahead and like and subscribe. That will tell me if I'm doing a good job. That's pretty much it for me. I will see you in the next video. Bye.

 
Video 5

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of this podcast. And so in this episode, what we're going to talk about is a concept that is probably plagging your life right now and keeping you miserable. And we need to address this very, very quickly. So let me explain the story. So the story is this. Is two days ago, I received an email from a marketer that I've been following in France. And basically this The email said something around the lines of, Look, I've been in business for the last six years, blah, blah, blah. And in those six years, I learned something. I learned that you are your worst enemy. All right. And you, right now at home, might be feeling this way. You've heard it many, many times. You are your worst enemy. But now, here's the thing. Is it actually true? Have you ever considered any other option or taking the time to actually think about it. This is what I want to do here in this episode because I think it's very, very important to address this. One thing I want to say is before we start, I want you to understand something.

Speaker 1 (01:16)
I want you to understand the concept. In order for me to sell you something, the best way for me to do it is to either make sure that if you're miserable, you stay miserable, or I want to make you as miserable as possible. Because desperate people will buy anything. And there are a lot of concepts in marketing, a lot of things that you hear in marketing that you never question that are basically techniques that are designed to make you feel bad, to make you feel miserable, so that you will seek a solution to a problem that you don't actually have. That is the premise of what I want to tell you. Now, to this statement, well, you are your worst enemy. Are you really? I don't think so. I honestly do not think you are your worst enemy, and I'm going to explain why. Here is a basic concept of what people like to do in marketing. And not just in marketing, in many, many different areas. Let's say this is 100%, okay? Here is the rule, and here is the exception, that tiny little exception. Now, people are going to tell you, Oh, look at this tiny little exception.

Speaker 1 (02:35)
Well, forget about the rule. That's exactly what's happening here. To the question, Are you your worst enemy? I don't think you are. For to me, you are your best ally. And here's why. The reason is that you, your job is to stay alive. And you are doing a remarkable job at doing this. If you're watching this podcast, it means that you are alive. I'm going to talk as if there were two different people. There's you and this, the person inside of you. I don't know. It's metaphysics or something. I don't know. But let's imagine. There's this person inside of you, and their job is to keep you alive and to keep you safe. And this person will do their job admirably well. 99.9999 99, 99,99,99% of the time. But there is this 0.0 to 2501% of the time when, well, I need to go and build this funnel and you don't do it. And that becomes the rule of, Oh, that person inside of you is your worst enemy. So now think about it in the grand scheme of things, like in your whole life and in the cosmic, let's imagine from a planetary perspective, how important is that tiny little funnel that you had to do or that business decision that you're doing in the scope of your whole life.

Speaker 1 (04:06)
How important is it? It is not. It's not. You being alive, you being fed, you having a shelter and all that stuff, you having relationships with people, understanding how the world works around you, that is important. And that is what you do every single day. What that person, remember, I said we're going to divide it into two different people. What that person does, this is what they do. And But remember something, that person has been with you from the day you were born and will be with you until the end of times. When you basically expire, when you die, that person is going to be there. And I just find it very unfair, and not even unfair, but I find it completely stupid that people have the guts to tell you that that person is your worst enemy. It is your your best ally. Now, why are they doing this? Well, it's simply because if you feel bad about yourself, if you're miserable, what do you do? You buy their course. They are trying to sell you something, and the best way to sell something to someone is to make them feel bad about themselves.

Speaker 1 (05:19)
But this stuff for them to sell you whatever course or product or something might plague your life if you do not take the time to analyze it and think about it like, well, no, it's not true. So this is something that... I have a book, for example. So I created a free community for entrepreneurs where we actually think. All these things that some of you guys might have taken us granted. Like, oh, yeah, I'm my worst enemy. Well, we actually think inside that community. And inside that community, there is a free book. I've written a book and there is a chapter that actually covers what we discuss here. Okay? Because again, this thing there, I know people whose life has been played. They feel bad about themselves. They have low self-esteem. They think they suck, blah, blah, blah. Because someone told them, well, you did not do 20 push-ups. You are your worst enemy. You are not. No. Some of you guys might tell me, Yeah, well, there's more to life than just being alive, and so blah, blah, blah, et cetera. Yes, indeed. There is more to life than being alive. But you know how you get that more to life?

Speaker 1 (06:32)
It's by being alive, being in the game. If you're not in the game, if you're under the ground, 6 feet under, there is nothing more. That's the thing that I want you to do is It's not just in business. Do it in everything. This is something that really pisses me off with a lot of people is this, is that they will look at the tiny, tiny little exception. Sometimes it's infinite, like a fraction. They will basically make a rule, Oh, forget about the rest. You should not. Please understand this now. You are your best ally. When you woke up this morning, you woke up this morning. When you made one push-up yesterday, you did it. Yes, you didn't make 20 push-up. So some people will tell you, Oh, you didn't make 20. You're a worse ally. You made one. So what I want you to do, guys, is always remember, look at what you are doing instead of looking at what you're you're not doing. This is someone who wants to sell you something. It's going to basically shed light on all these things that you should have done or you should have done this, you should have done that.

Speaker 1 (07:40)
Look at what it is that you're doing. That's not a lesson just for business. Your life is going to be immensely, immensely happier. Now, do it for yourself and do it for others as well. Stop looking at what people don't do. We all have a list, and this is really pissing me off. There's someone in my life, that's what they do. That's all they do. They have a list of, You didn't do this, you didn't do that, you didn't do this, you didn't do that. The list of what I have done, which is 100 times bigger, Nobody cares. Obviously, this person is negative, always complaining, always moaning all the time. If they took the time to look at, Hey, you know what? Wow, look at this. They will be a lot happier. This is what I want you to do. I want you to understand that you are your best ally. There is nobody on this planet who's a better ally than yourself. Nobody. Do not listen Listen? Well, I'm saying do not listen. You don't have to listen to me. Okay? What I'm saying is this, is don't take anything at face value. I'm telling you something, you might be like, Oh, yeah, Martin's right.

Speaker 1 (09:00)
No, no, no, no. What I want you to do is take what I just said, process it, think about it, and then you form your opinion. All right? This is exactly what we do in my community. In my community, I want thinkers. I want people who understand those things, not people who just take random information and they just regurgitated. Don't be one of them. By doing this, guys, this literally changed my whole life. I will say at some point in my life, I was one of those people I got some information. Hey, must be true. I don't think about it. Sometimes just asking yourself one question, one tiny little question that takes one second, it's going to take you way beyond 99% of the population who doesn't take the time to do it because people are lazy. Don't be lazy. I'm not saying you need to sit and think for three hours. You just need to think for two seconds. Two seconds will change it. In this case, you're your worst enemy. Am I really? What have I done for myself since I was born? I don't think I am. I'm not going to name the person who sent the email because they're just I guess, and this is my opinion, everything I'm saying here is my opinion.

Speaker 1 (10:19)
They're just one of those people who just accepted that. Oh, well, I saw this video yesterday on YouTube. Someone said this or someone said this in a sales video. Well, it must be true. Let me tell it to other people. I think we have a responsibility as content creators and stuff. You have a responsibility for the current generation, for the next generations. These things can make Is this helping people? No, it's not helping people. Imagine everybody is walking around thinking that, oh, my God, I'm the worst. I hate myself, blah, blah, blah. How exactly is this helping people? It is not helping people. So that is what I wanted you guys to to understand. So again, as I said, I created a community. A community is completely free, is with entrepreneurs, you will have access to me every single day. And in that community, what we do is we, first of all, we think. But then what we do as well is I show you how to build businesses that will basically run without you using automations, using systems, using basic logics so that you can basically have the life that a lot of you guys might want, which is, Hey, I don't have to go to an office.

Speaker 1 (11:35)
I don't have to do this. I can do what I want when I want. And in that group, I give you all that stuff for free. I have these podcasts here that will be in there as well. There will be tips, there'll be hacks, there'll be case studies. I'll give you free stuff. I'll give you bots and stuff that I've already built and you get access to it so that it will help you. So in that community, again, I don't want people like people are super gullible and people don't think. If you are one of those people, if you think that you are an interesting person and that you have a brain that you want to use and that using that brain, you will be able, and I can tell you, you take stuff that I've built. I already built the automations. You take that, you will be able in turn and in time to build a business that runs completely without you. There will be a link to the community in the section in the comments there, and that's pretty much it. So let me know what you think. I want to hear your opinion, so please let me know what is your opinion.

Speaker 1 (12:36)
Do you actually think you're your worst enemy? Have you ever heard this from other people? And did this podcast help you rethink the whole thing and help you mentally with your mental health and stuff? So everything is in the air. Thank you very much. And guys, if you did like this video, please go ahead and subscribe to the channel and like the video. It really helps. And it tells me if I'm doing a good job, yes or no. And I will see you in the next episode. Bye.



Video 6

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of this podcast. In this episode, guys, I am going to help you take one project from idea to execution and to completion and actually increase your odds of success. This is what I'm going to try and do here in this video by giving you my experience and my advice. Now, am I the richest person on the planet? I'm not. But I can I just tell you what it is that I do. I'm going to tell you a very quick story. There is a friend of mine who contacted me recently, and he wanted my advice on something that he is building. He's building something that's pretty cool. Okay? And he was asking me, Hey, how do we get some traffic for this stuff? Can you help me out? I need to target these people and stuff. One thing was I was trying to understand what it is that he's selling and what he's trying to achieve and how long he wants to stay in business and stuff. Then I started asking questions about the whole business stuff. At the end of the day, what ended up happening is he told me, Dude, now I'm confused.

Speaker 1 (01:17)
I came to you for execution, but now I'm confused about the whole thing. Then he wasn't confused in a bad way. He told me, You know what? I'm glad I actually talked to you about it because it made me rethink a few different things. I'm glad I was able to help just with questions. Because one thing is this, is very often you're trapped in your own mind, and it's very good to have someone else's perspective. You don't necessarily need to adopt it, but it might be angles that you haven't thought of or things that you might not have considered because they're foreign to you. But maybe that's what the market will want. Because at the end of the day, the market is going to decide, not you. You decide, Oh, this is cool. If the market doesn't think it's cool, then, well, it's not cool. That helped them in that way. The one thing I want to illustrate with the story is this. I'm not going to give you the details of what his business was, but my thought process was this. I basically tried to explain something to him. It's a concept that I really I encourage you to adopt is the direction in which you're going matters more than the speed at which you're traveling.

Speaker 1 (02:41)
Okay? So let me repeat this. The direction in which you're going matters a lot more than the speed at which you're traveling. So what does that even mean? So you've probably heard of the expression going nowhere fast, right? Yes, it is possible to go nowhere fast simply because you haven't taken the time to think the whole thing through and identified the ramifications and the long term implications and stuff of what you're doing. You just go there, let's go, boom, boom, boom, boom, it won't work. Now, if you want to maximize your chances, is you need to focus on the direction, not on the speed. Let's say you're heading in the right direction. It doesn't matter the speed which you're going. I will say it matters less to be slow, going to the right spot, than to be fast, going to the wrong one. I will trade any time, going to the right place at my own speed than going to the wrong place fast. It's a trade-off. You need to understand this. I've done this many times as well. Let me go there. I was doing the absolute wrong thing, but I was doing it fast.

Speaker 1 (04:12)
I was like, Guys, look, I've done this, I've done this, I've done this, I've done this. Yes, but I was just going in the wrong direction. This is what I wanted him to gage. I didn't say you're going in the wrong direction. I never said that. I said, Have you taken the time to focus focus on the direction first before we start sending traffic there? Because there is this saying, a good friend of mine taught me this thing, which basically says, measure twice, cut once. I think it's absolutely brilliant. Measure twice, cut once. It means take the time to think about the direction where you want to go, and once you've done that, then you can go. You might start after your neighbor who just decided to go, go, go, go, go for it, but you will get to where it is that you want to go. At the end of the day, what ended up happening is I was trying We had a discussion now of, Okay, what will be the best direction to go to? Some of the things that we had to take into consideration was we wanted to see how how long this business can last.

Speaker 1 (05:33)
So depending on how long you want this business to last, then you will go towards a specific business model. Okay? So let me give you an example. Is, for example, if you want the business to last long, don't focus on a fad that is going to disappear in two months. Okay? So your direction should be something that has been here for a long time and will be here for a long time and we'll be here for the longest time. So that's one day. Now, the other problem that they had was in terms of resources that were needed. Basically, they are using a specific API. If, for example, they go too big and the people were providing them the data, I realized, Hey, wow, there's a market there. This person is now taking over blah, blah, blah. They're using our system. They cut you out. They're gone. And they take the whole segment. All right? So now, if you are In that case, what can you do? So you can maybe decide to niche down so much that it's going to be so profitable for you because you niche down to a population where they're not like a trillion people in there, but they have so much money that you need a few clients and you're fine, and you're not a threat to whoever is providing you the data.

Speaker 1 (07:06)
Because let's say, for example, you're using my car. I I'll let you my car, and then I can see that now you become the reference here and everybody's using the car. You're making so much money with blah, blah. You're using my car. Everybody and their mom is talking about Guess what? I said, Sorry, you can not use the cars anymore. Boom, I used them. And then I stole your business. Now, if you used my car to go pick up seven-figure CEOs on business trips from New York to LA, how the hell would I know? I wouldn't know. It's not visible to me. It might be immensely more profitable for you because these people are going to be able to pay, I don't know, let's say, a thousand bucks when mom and I would have paid 10 bucks. You know what I mean? These are the things that we discussed. I'm not going to tell you exactly what the business was and stuff. These are in some of the examples. Things that you might be like, Oh, yeah, it's not a bad idea. But yeah, What matters in here is more that you need to worry more about the direction than the speed.

Speaker 1 (08:27)
Remember always the expression going nowhere fast. It can happen. It happens a lot because you don't take the time to think things through. So this is what I'm doing, looking at all the businesses and stuff that I have. And the businesses, the new businesses that I want to build, they will go through one of those filters. And one of those filters is going to be like, Okay, before we start, take the time. I take the time. I will allocate enough It's time for me to actually think about the whole thing before I execute. I always say, Execution, execution, execution. Execution is good once you have thought the whole thing. You think about it. Now, do not overthink it. There is this thing where there is a point where you have enough information to just go in. More information is just going to be damaging for you because it's going to open more questions and more questions which are going to be answered with theory that you cannot verify. So reach the point where you have enough information, you know enough to go get started because the market, guys, the market and the real field experience is going to tell you things 100 times faster and 100 times better than what you have in your mind.

Speaker 1 (09:51)
Okay? So, yeah, that is my advice for you guys. Focus on the direction. Do not focus on the speed. It is better to go in the right direction slow than to go in the wrong direction fast. If you remember that, it is going to help you in whatever it is that you're building. It's business, it's health, etc. If you guys want more of this, and if you want to have access to me, I created a free community. There's a link in here. There's a free community. It's completely free. You can come in this community, and we are basically doing those things there. I'm in there every single day, giving you tips, showing you what I'm working on, give you case studies, and automations, and everything is in there. You will see everything as it happens. It's free. It's fun. I want you to join the community, and you will be around people who are basically thinkers, and we're basically going to help you get to that next step, and then that next step, and that next step until you get to your goal. That is pretty much it for me, guys. If you guys like this video, please go ahead and leave a comment in there.

Speaker 1 (11:15)
Let me know if this video helped you. Was it an aha moment for you? Like, Oh, wow. Okay. Have you been in a situation where you actually went in the wrong direction fast? And does that help you? And also, guys, if you do this content that I absolutely enjoy doing, it doesn't feel like work for me. That's the beauty of this thing. I absolutely love doing this for you guys. If you guys like it and you love it, so either you're listening on Spotify, you're listening on Apple podcast, whatever you're listening, subscribe and leave a review of whatever platform it is. That will let me know if I'm doing a great job. That is pretty much it for me, guys. I will see you in the next episode. Bye.



Video 7

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of your favorite podcast. This is your host, Martin. All right, guys. In today's episode, I want to talk to you about the choices that lead you to an easy life or a hard life. I will summarize this in a sentence. Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard lives. These are things that over time, when you get older and you have more experience in life, you do understand. These are things that teachers have told you when you were in school. But at the time, and me, I have to be very honest, at the time when you're in middle school or something, you're just a little prick, to be honest. If you're a teacher, I have so much respect for you because you have to deal with these little pricks. It's a nightmare. Nobody's listening to you. Some of the kids are actually going to listen. I know I can be here and lie to you and stuff. I wasn't one of them. When you're a kid, adults will tell you stuff and they tell you, Well, you will understand one day when you're older. I do understand now.

Speaker 1 (01:18)
This is very true. I will give you some illustrations of it. There's a person I know. We were at the university. At the time of the university, we could have a two-year degree. Meaning that if you finish high school, you get a degree, and then the next degree, you can have another degree in two years. If you stop in between, then you only have your high school degree. I knew this person who was in the second year of university, a few months away from getting that second degree. They tell me, You know what? I don't like this university. I I want to go and make some money. I want to go to the big city and make some money calling people on the phone. Now, let me explain this. It was telemarketing. That telemarketing money looked like a whole jackpot to a student. As a student, someone earning this, it looks like a lot of money. But at the end of the day, it is really not. It was minimum wage stuff, and then you can get commissions. But when you're a student and you have zero money, that looks like a lot. I told that person, I said, Look, you are two months away from the exams.

Speaker 1 (02:45)
Just wait until the exams, get that degree, and then go do whatever the hell you want. Because you have to look at the long term ramifications of this choice. I think when I said hard choices, easy life, it means people who make those hard choices, one thing that they do understand that other people do not understand or do not take the time to process is the long term ramifications and effects of that decision. And so that's what I was trying to tell that person. I said, Look, if you drop out now, you only have a high school degree. You take two months of your life and you finish this. You are two months away. Now you have a two year degree. And now for the rest of your life. Imagine this is one salary bracket, this is another salary bracket. For the rest of your life, you will be at this salary bracket. Whereas if you decide to make the easy choice of, Oh, let me go and call up people on the phone and get minimum wage and stuff, then for the rest of your life, you You are stuck here. So please consider what I'm saying.

Speaker 1 (04:04)
Please wait two months and then go do it. You don't want to stay in the situation that you absolutely hate for them. But look at the long term, okay? Well, it turns out that they didn't. And guess what happened? Now for the rest of their life, well, they're stuck here. And they can only get shitty jobs. They don't get any opportunities. And guess what? They complain. Well, it's easy for you. No, it's not easy for me. Me, do you know what I decided to do? I decided to get a five-year degree. Is it easy? Is it the easy thing that everybody would like to do? Everybody is like, Oh, you know what? I have I had enough of these studies. I want to go out and have fun and this and blah, blah, blah. I don't want to study and everything. Yes, that's the easy thing to do. But guess what? When I finish my five-year degree, let's imagine these are salary brackets. You're here. There's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. For the rest of my life, I am making this money, you're making this. Well, obviously, this is an exaggeration because you can still move up later in life if you have the right mindset.

Speaker 1 (05:19)
But if at that point, I'm not very confident that you being in this situation because of those right choices that you made, you will at some point, you realize that, Oh, let me try and get more certifications and stuff. It could happen, but it's very unlikely. That's what I mean. There are a lot of people here that do not understand the impact of every decision that you make, every single one of them will have an impact for the rest of your life. It's fascinating how if you decide to skip that meal, then it will have, even if it's a minimum You don't want. It will have an impact on your weight. Every single thing that you do will have an impact, and you need to consider the ramifications. So you don't want to be in the philosopher's pause for everything. Should I eat? Should I drink? Et cetera. I'm I'm not saying this, is you just have to be conscious of the fact that these things, that decision that you make today, will improve your life or make it worse. So your life was going to be easier or harder. In my personal experience, I will tell you, I made hard choices in my life, choices that people wouldn't make.

Speaker 1 (06:40)
For example, I was looking for a job in France after my degree, and nobody wanted to hire me for many reasons. I think there were reasons on this side, reason on my side, etc. But hey, that was the situation. I was broke. I was on... It's not even minimum wage. It's called... It's like the equivalent of food stamps. The equivalent of food stamps. Because in France, if you have worked enough, you've worked, let's say, I don't know, six months or something, then you are eligible for government help or something. I don't know, unemployment benefits. But you need to have worked at least six months. Now, me, because nobody wanted to hire me, I didn't have those six months. If you don't have those six months and you are under 25 years, 25 years old, you get nothing. But if you're over 25, and When you're in that situation, you get the equivalent of like, foot stamps, and it's like €300 a month. It's like €300 something, €250, let's say. I was on this, and Not because I, and I'm pretty sure, I made some really bad choices that ended up there, pride and stuff like this.

Speaker 1 (08:09)
There is a point where I said, Look, I'm not going to have the opportunities that I want and that I think I should get here. I move. I need to move. I move to a country. I went to the UK. I don't know anybody in the UK. I don't like the weather in the UK because in my mind, I was like, Oh, man, it's going to rain on my face all the time. I don't know anybody. I go there, it's just me, nobody else. And I have to start over. I have to make friends. I have to find activities. I have to find hobbies and stuff. And there are people who will tell you, Oh, no, I I did not live 10 minutes away from my family, from my friends. What would I do when I go there and stuff? So I went to the UK. I didn't know anybody there. And then from the UK, guess what? I had an opportunity to go to Australia. Who the hell do I know in Australia? I moved to Australia. I did those hard things. And those hard things made my life a lot easier afterwards because now I've seen different cultures I have been exposed to.

Speaker 1 (09:11)
And I think the Anglo-Saxon culture, business-wise, is for me, I have a preference for it over the French one. And it opens so many doors. So just that. That's one thing that I did. I moved none of my friends. I haven't seen my friends, my family in in years because I did this. And then there is a point where I actually came back to France and I had a good job. I had a really good job, but I wanted to be able to build this business. And I decided that, Hey, you know what? Nobody's going to build this business for me. I have to do it myself. And so I had to take the time, the limited time that I have because I have a job, I need to go there and blah, blah, blah. And I was the type of person, I will always be the last person in the office because I leave when I'm done, not when I'm tired or when it's time to go home because it's 6:00. So I was usually the last person in the office. And then now I come home and I want to study to have this life here.

Speaker 1 (10:17)
And so, dude, every night I was up until 3:00 AM looking at what people do, reverse engineering stuff and everything. And I have friends, they were going party every Saturday. Hey, Let's go to the party, blah, blah, blah, etc. I said, No, sorry, guys, I need to work. That was like this every weekend. Oh, let's go here. Let's go there. I'm like, Yeah, sorry, guys, I'm working on my stuff. I have to work. I remember those people saying, Yeah, well, You're not fun. You're never here. We go party. You suck. You this, you that, blah, blah, blah, et cetera. Well, guess what? Today, now those people are like, Oh, man, how did you do it? Are you so lucky? Oh, can you teach me? Can you blah, blah, blah, et cetera? Well, that is Nobody wants to stay at home working on stuff when they could be out partying. Nobody wants to do it. The easy thing is, Oh, let me go out with my friends and party and blah, blah, blah, et cetera. The hard choice is, Dude, I have a vision. I have a plan of things that I want to do. I want to execute this.

Speaker 1 (11:21)
In order for me to execute this, I need the discipline. I need to acquire high mastery. I need to do the repetitions and stuff. This is what I did. So in your life, I want you to understand this concept is most people are going to make the easy choices. Those easy choices of, Hey, you know what? Let me go have fun. Let me stay at home. Let me watch TV. Let me blah, blah, blah, et cetera. And that will lead to a harder life down the road. It's rare. Those people who decide that, Hey, you know what? The delayed gratification of, Okay, if I do this, let me think of the ramifications. It's in your mind, you need to look at the long term benefits of what it is that you're doing. And this is how you get successful. This is how successful people get to settle. So, yeah, that's pretty much what I wanted to tell you guys. So if you guys are, you're in a position where you're like, hey, you know what? That really resonates with me. And I want to learn how to do this, what How can I get in an environment where you have this mental stimulation, etc.

Speaker 1 (12:36)
Then guys, I have a community. So there will be a link right under here. Go join the community because you will be with people. So you Don't be with people who are going to bash you because, Hey, man, I didn't see you at the club yesterday. You're going to have people who are going to tell you, Dude, you know what? Much respect for what you're doing. Now, I remember before I closed, I'll tell you, I went to a co-working space once. I never go to co-working spaces. I went On purpose, on purpose. I went there on Friday afternoon, Friday night. I arrived there at 6:00. My goal was to see, Okay, how many people are going to be in there? Let's imagine you have 100 people normally. I was like, yeah, maybe they're going to be 50 people now. I went there. Crickets. Nobody. There was nobody there. There were like three or four people who were there. I didn't know those folks. You know what? I went to them, shook their hands. I was like, You are a real entrepreneur. You are real. They were like, This dude is crazy. But these guys, they were doing the hard thing.

Speaker 1 (13:36)
Instead of going to the beach and stuff, they were there. Now, if you want to be surrounded with people like this who will basically come and shake your hand and say, yes, you're going places, and you doing this, inevitably, if you do it long enough, then you're going to get to where you want to go. That is pretty much it. It's going to be a link here. Join the community, and I will talk to you soon. Bye.


Video 8

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to a brand new episode of the podcast. And so today I want to talk to you about success, because I got a lot of questions from people who ask me, Dude, what does it take to be successful? All right? Now, this is a vast, very vast subject. There are many, many components that are coming to play. But today I'm going to talk about three components that I think that those three components combined will get you to success. Again, there are many ways of achieving success. And success, look, there's no secret. It's like you want to lose weight, you'll have to do some repetitions. You have to do some repetitions of what works. Obviously, if you do something that doesn't work multiple times, then it's not going to work. The baseline of this is I do not have a magic formula. That I can give you. Success is even the overnight success, please understand that there is something in the background, under the tip of the iceberg, that's what you see. But there are these three components that I think if you adopt this formula as your guiding principle, you will be able to get some success.

Speaker 1 (01:23)
The first thing is the ability. There are three components. Component number one is going to be the ability. If you want to be a professional basketball player, you will have to get the skills. You need those abilities. You need to be able to dribble, you need to be able to drive the basket, to pass the ball, to see a core division, endurance, and stuff. This There's no way around this. In order to achieve this, you will need to do some repetitions. Again, as I said, you want to break down. For the skill, you want to understand what skill is required, and then you want to get good at this. Remember a few episodes back, I told you about efficiency and productivity, and this will be the perfect time to combine those things. For your ability, I will first look at the whole game of basketball and try to figure out what is the most effective skills, the effective things that basketball players do. Then you will go and be productive in those areas. Then you will develop that ability to become a good basketball player, if that makes Instead of, let me work on half court shots or a shot from the other baseline, how often does that happen?

Speaker 1 (03:09)
It will never happen to you in a game, probably, or maybe once in a lifetime. Why would you waste your energy training on this? You can be productive training on that. It's not going to make a difference. I'm giving you examples of basketball. Obviously, you know a little bit about basketball, but you understand what I mean. The first component is your ability. You need to work on that ability, and you need to understand that it will take time. High mastery doesn't happen overnight. That's the first component, but it is not the the the only thing that you need because in order for you to build that ability, you will need those two other things. They are linked. Okay, let's say the ability is the end of the road. Just imagine the ability is the end of the road. To get to the end of the road, you'll have to get through two different hurdles. So again, as I said, how do you get good at something? You need to do some repetitions. And And it is very hard for you to go out and do those repetitions if you don't have the passion and the drive for it.

Speaker 1 (04:30)
So there are things that I can do. I can go and run maybe like 10K today. I can. I hope I can, but I do not like it. I don't like it. I'm not going to do it like often. If you have the drive, again, understand, to acquire, to get to high mastery, you will need repetitions. If you hate what you're doing, then it was going to be very, very hard to go out and get high mastery in the stuff because it's going to take everything you have every second. It's going to feel painful. It's going to feel horrible. So the second component that you want. Remember, the ability at the end is the end of the road, but you want the passion. You want the drive. When you're driven, when you're passionate about something, think about, I don't know what you're passionate about, but think about it. Let's say there are things that you will do every single day, even if you weren't getting paid for it. What is your hobby? When you go there, time passes, time goes like this, three hours went by, you don't even realize. But someone who's not into that sport, that activity, they're like, Oh, my God, after 30 seconds.

Speaker 1 (05:54)
You understand what I mean, right? And it's because you do have the passion and you do have the drive for it. And that component will lead you to the ability because that passion is going to fuel your desire and it's going to fuel all your repetitions At the end of the day, you get to the end of the world. At this point, we have two different components. We have you need the ability. But the ability, again, correlating that to a previous episode is choose the right abilities. Look at the ability from an efficiency point of view. This is where you'll get the best results. You want abilities that are efficient. Now, component number two, in order to get those abilities and to get them to the level that will take you to the promised land, you will need to do some repetitions. Repetitions, dude, you need to be passionate about it. Now, I'm not saying that it's not possible to it when you don't like it. So there are many examples of singers or something that were forced by their families because they were kids or something to go and sing. It wasn't their passion.

Speaker 1 (07:13)
They didn't like it. They ended up being mega successful and stuff like that. So it is possible for you to acquire the ability, even if it's not your passion. But then there's a trade-off. Then these guys and women and gals, they were miserable because they had a life where they were forced to do stuff or something. So you don't want to be in that situation. So you need the ability and you need the passion or the drive. Call it whatever you want. And now you need a third component. This third component is this, is we are always very optimistic about how easy or hard things are going to be. You're like, Yeah, I'm going to do this. It's going to be smooth selling and stuff. No, it doesn't work this way. It does not. More often than not, this is going to be hard. Please prepare for this. It doesn't matter what discipline it is. There's going to be hardship. There's going to be ups and downs. There's going to be... Here's the thing. For example, the passion is not enough. Because there are times where your passion is going to be tested. Because here's the progression and how it works.

Speaker 1 (08:30)
You're a beginner, you don't know anything. Then there is a steep, boom, you get there because you didn't know anything, just the little bit that you learned already takes you there. At this point, you had this massive, massive surge in ability and stuff. But there's a point where you might stagnate here for a long time. Let's imagine the mastery is here. You will stagnate here for a long time. Now, the progression here, you had the whole motivation of Oh, my God, this is so easy, blah, blah, blah. But now you're moving like a snail, like a snail base, sluggish. This is where your passion can be tested. Like, Well, is it really worth it? Why is it that I'm doing this? I don't see any results. I know, etc. Things are going to get tough. There will be, for example, situations where, let's say, I'm taking the example of basketball. You now meet someone else, and that person is so much better than you, and it's demoralizing, or you get injured, or there's something, there's this raining, it's cold, it's blah, blah, blah. And this is where you need the third component, which is resilience.

Speaker 1 (09:45)
You need grit because things are going to go wrong. And you have to be resilient to basically go past all these obstacles. So that means you can make more repetitions Even if, dude, you're like, Oh, man, you know what? I'd rather be doing something else, et cetera. Even if you are in that space with the grit and the resilience facing all these obstacles and stuff, then you will be able in turn to make more repetitions. And those repetitions of what works and what's efficient will give you the best abilities. So these are the three components that you need. If you have those three things, if you focus on those three things, you will be, at the end of the day, you'll be more successful in that field than other people. Because here's the thing. I will give you mistakes that can be done at each and every stage. Now, the first one, let's say the third one that I... Let me go back in order. Like skills. Some people, either they have no skills whatsoever, they don't work on any of them, or they will work on the wrong things, or then you have the right skills.

Speaker 1 (11:05)
So some people, they never acquire this. Why would I do that? Well, there we go. So how you're going to be, how you're going to get to whatever it is that you want to do. It doesn't have to be money or anything. Some people focus on the wrong thing. Let me focus on my crossover dribble and my spin, blah, blah, blah, etc. Which doesn't add any value to anything. These are, let's say, two mistakes that you can at this stage. Now, the second one is the the mistake is I'm trying to pick something that you are really not passionate about, like something you do not care about. And that's the thing. At the first difficulty. And it's not because you're a bad person or anything. I do the same thing. First difficulty, you're going to be like, what the hell am I doing this stuff? I don't even like this stuff. You know what? Let me give up. And then you will give up. You will. And I'm saying you will because I would and I've done it before. All right? And so what you want to do is to, ideally, people are like, oh, yeah, how do you get in business and stuff?

Speaker 1 (12:10)
You also have to stay in business. Okay? So find something you are passionate about. Find that passion. Don't make the mistake of picking something that, you know what? I could do without it. Right? And then third is you have to be resilient. So don't make the mistake of, Well, I'm a little tired or, oh, this person is better than me. It's pointless. I will never be able to do this and blah, blah, blah, comparing yourself to others and stuff. And the first difficulty, then you basically give up. You have to be resilient Brilliant. So I'm not saying go to the army and become a drill surgeon. I'm saying, there's some catchphrase that you have in your head. Every time you are lacking the motivation to do stuff, repeat that mantra in your head. Figure out what it is. I'll make another episode on what mine is. But it could be something like, Hey, okay, come on, let's do it. Something like this. That will trigger you to go out and get it. Because this is the difference between people who are going to be successful, people are not. Because people who are going to be successful, here's how that works, is everybody struggles.

Speaker 1 (13:29)
Nobody knows what they're doing. There's this first phase where nobody knows and then becomes tough. Then 60% of people leave. Then some people stay, and then it becomes tough and tougher and tougher. Then there's this big incident where, wait a second, oh, my God, this is so bad. Why am I even doing this? I don't like this stuff. I will give up. Then the survivors, the people who actually make it, in the end, you think that they were smarter. They were just there longer. You want to be one of those people. Now, if you want to be in that environment and you want to join a community where people like this and we can help you with this, there's going to be a link right under this video. I will see you in the next video. Thank you very much. Bye.
Video 9

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to this new episode of your favorite podcast. And this is your host, Martin. All right, guys. So let's go straight to the point. I want to talk to you about frequency of posting, especially for business. So frequency. How often should you post? This is a question that a lot of people are asking me all the time, and I wanted to make a video to answer this. So the reason why people are asking is there is so much information on the internet about, well, you should post every day, you should post once a week, you should post two times a week, you should post at 7:00 PM, you should post at 8:00 AM. And you're like, dude, everybody's telling me something different. What is it that I need to do? So you might be checking out this podcast here. I make daily content. And you're like, well, Martin makes daily content. I guess daily content is the way to go, right? Well, not really. I will explain why. There's so many examples. When people come to me and say, Oh, how often should I post and stuff? Should I do two to And I say, Look, go on YouTube and check 100 channels.

Speaker 1 (01:22)
You will see that there are people who are massively successful by posting twice a week. Some people are are massively successful posting once a month, and some people are massively successful posting every fortnight. So the question to the question, how often should you post? For now, I'm giving you an answer that says it really depends. But please don't stop the video because I'm going to go deeper and you're going to understand that there's actually a formula to this stuff. You can see by looking at... Because Here's the thing. One thing that I want you guys to do in this podcast is this, and I want you to think. This is what I want everybody. I have a community, I have a mastermind, and the only thing I ask people is to think. Don't just take advice from coming and then just repeating that, not processing it. People tell you, Hey, you should post only once a month. Well, so how come this person is successful? They post every day. Oh, you should only post twice a week. How come this person is successful? They post once a month. Look at the data. Don't just look at what or listen to what people say.

Speaker 1 (02:39)
If you do this, it will save you. It's not just business, it's in everything. Look at the It's a fact. Look at the data. So my question, because you might be my answer, you might be wondering, okay, here's what the ideal frequency is. Understand that the frequency doesn't matter. It doesn't actually matter. This is not the metric you should go after. You should go after a standard of quality. Now, please, I want you to process that again. Do not go after the frequency. You need to go after a standard of quality. So let me explain. The ideal frequency for your content or for whatever it is that you're doing is the frequency that allows you to maintain that level of quality. If you are able to record videos of the quality that you want three times a week, then three times a week can be your frequency. If you're only able to do it once a month because it requires so much research and preparation and this, it's once a month. Do not base your schedule on the frequency itself, just base everything on the quality. So your job is step one, you go and you write down exactly what is the quality that I want to deliver to my audience.

Speaker 1 (04:25)
Once you're clear on that quality, then you're going to decide, okay, you're going to reverse engineer. What is it that I need to do to achieve that level of quality? You write those things down. How much time does that take me? So you break it down into smaller steps Obviously. Then you figure out how much time does that take me. Now you know exactly, look, to produce the video to the quality and the standard that I want my audience to to watch, it takes me about a week and a half of preparation. I will go with a fortnight. I'll post twice a month. This is how you need to make the decision. I'm not saying that this is your case. I'm just giving you an example here. If, for example, you have a channel, it's like an investigative, I don't know if that's a word, like documentaries and stuff where you need to conduct interviews and you need to look at archives and everything, obviously, you won't be able to make a daily show. You won't. It might take you a month or it might take you two months. There are probably channels that will post every two months, but when they do, there's so much.

Speaker 1 (05:47)
I saw a video about this guy who was doing all that stuff, looking like the biggest heist in history or a big scandal, and around this, blah, blah, blah. Looking at the back stories and stuff, that takes a lot of time. I don't think it posts every month. Maybe you post twice a month, once every two months. Anyway, that's my point. My point is, who cares about the frequency? You should not care about the frequency. The quality will tell you what the frequency is going to be. Because otherwise, your frequency is are going to dictate the quality that you're going to deliver. If you're trying to go too fast and then you have to half-ass things. Now you're like, Hey, but what about you? You pulse every day. You don't care about the quality and stuff. That's a very good question, even though I'm glad you asked, even if you did it. Well, I'll be very honest with you. I am happy with this quality. I'm very happy with it. I'm super happy with this quality that I can deliver, and I know I can deliver this quality every a single day. Why? Because I've organized.

Speaker 1 (07:03)
I have the studio here, and everything is already set up. All I have to do is to sit here, record this video. I press the button on that camera that you see there. I have the lights and blah, blah, blah. I record a video, and There's some minimum editing that we do, and boom, I am happy. This is the quality I'm happy with. Now, over time, I can decide that, Hey, you know what? I'm going to make it better and stuff like that. I'm going to optimize my process. I'm I'm pretty confident that I can still do it daily because this episode is going to last, what, like 15 minutes or something? It's just 15 minutes off my day. I can start making this thing better and it's going to take me 30 minutes instead of 15. It's still acceptable. But this is how it works. Don't just look at other people and like this channel posts every day, I'm going to do it. No, they do post every day for a reason. It's because there is a certain level of quality that they want to achieve and they are positive that they can achieve that quality every day.

Speaker 1 (08:05)
If you cannot achieve yours, then the frequency and you pick the frequency. Nobody is forcing you to do anything. Me, I like to do daily stuff. There is content, and I help more people daily. I like this stuff. I like what I'm doing, man. That's the beauty of what I do. I love what I do. I come here, I sit down, I talk to you guys, some of you guys. Guys, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Honestly, whoever is listening right now, thank you very much because you are on the other side of the planet somewhere. You have other things to do, man. I mean, life is going on. You take a few minutes of your day to listen to me blobbing here in front of this camera. You know what I mean? I want to have a quality wear You feel like you're just having a drink with a buddy and you're just talking. I'm not trying to be perfect. I'm not trying to be a college professor and wearing the suit and tie with a nice studio, blah, blah, blah. I I want you to have a real experience. Sometimes I stutter, sometimes I say, and stuff.

Speaker 1 (09:04)
This is all your friends are going to talk. And that is the experience that I want to give you, and that's why I can do it every day. So hopefully it helps you guys in terms of... Because I know it's a big It's a big roadblock for a lot of people. I see people who overthink this. They're like, Oh, yeah, I want to start the channel, but I don't know if I need to do daily, I need to do this, then I need to do some research, and they never start. Don't worry. Don't worry about the frequency. Do the frequency that allows you to deliver the quality that you can. That's it. It's that simple. So make the first episode. You want to start a podcast? Make the first episode. Just make the first one. Then you check, how much time did that take me? Do I like the quality? No. For me, do you have a better quality? I need to do this. So you record the second. Then at some point, you're going to get at a point where you're like, That's it. That's what I want. Now, how much time did that take me?

Speaker 1 (10:05)
Then three reverse engineering from there. Guys, these are things that... I have a community, and in this community, I can help you guys figure some of these things out and actually get some action. I was actually thinking of rebranding, coming up with the Executioner. That will be my name. I'm the Executioner, so I'm not going to kill people and jump heads off and stuff. But I think, execution is what would get your results. Action. And removing all these roadblocks and things that are slowing you down, that has probably I've pulled you down in the past or maybe right now, you might be one of those people like, Oh my God, you know what? That's so helpful. And that's what I want to do for you guys. So there is a community. Under here, there will be a link in the description. Join the community. Because every day I will be in that community and you have access to me and I can help you guys with some of these concepts and stuff. Guys, I guess that's pretty much it. There is no need for me to make this episode longer. I wanted to say, again, Thank you very much, especially if you're still listening to this.

Speaker 1 (11:17)
I'm actually communicating with some of you guys. They send me emails and stuff. Thank you very much. If there's one thing that I value is people's time. I value your time. You're giving me your time and your attention. That's the most precious thing you have on this Earth. You're giving it to me. You got somewhere in the world. I'm always amazed by technology. People take it for granted. I had this conversation with someone. People take it for granted. Internet, it's been here for the longest time, so people don't take the time to analyze things. But think about it. I'm here in my room and I'm talking in this microphone and you're on the other side of the planet and it's as if we were in the same room and we can share ideas and we can make the world a better place and stuff. It's fantastic. Every single day, I marvel at this stuff. Again, thank you very much for following this podcast. If you do like the podcast, if you like the format and stuff, by any means, please subscribe. That's the thing. I'm not trying to blow up, become mainstream or something like this.

Speaker 1 (12:32)
I want people who really resonate with the message to be like, Hey, you know what? I really like this podcast. It's really authentic and stuff. Let me subscribe. If that's you and you think like, Dude, this is really cool. I feel like I'm talking to a friend, just subscribe and then we can stay in touch. That is pretty much it for this episode. I will see you in the next one. Thank you very much. Bye.


Video 10

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to a new episode of your favorite podcast. This is your host, Martin, guys. Now, today, guys, in this episode, I want to talk to you about something that is going to be less business than usual, but this is going to make you happier. I think this can have one of the biggest and most profound impacts on your life. And hopefully this is going to help you, guys. I will say it's an important episode, just watch it. I was reading this book. I'm listening to books quite a lot. Well, not as much as I want to. I need to do a better job, but every day I'm listening to these books. I've been having philosophical discussions with people. I joined a philosophy group, which is very interesting, actually, because in your mind, you might think that, hey, philosophers, you only see those ancient Greek people and stuff, and you think that philosophy is dead. And whoever says they're a philosopher today, they're lying. It means they do nothing. But philosophy, it just means that you're thinking about stuff around you. Anyway, so today I want to explore the relationship between desire and happiness.

Speaker 1 (01:25)
You might be like, Oh, man, this is too philosophical. Trust me, if you understand this, your life is going to be so much better. Let me explain. The reason for your happiness or unhappiness is So the level is closely correlated to the level and the numbers of your desires. What do I mean by this? It means that the more desires you you have, and the more unhappy you will be, statistically, the fewer desires you have and the happier you're going to be in your lives. And this is something that I live, and I did not necessarily put it into words. Sometimes you have to hear it from someone else to be like, That's why I've been living this, but I didn't put words on it. I'll give you an example. I know someone, and that person is so, I'll say, so unhappy, so sad, so bitter about everything because of all these desires that they have. Now, let's try to define desire. What is the core element of a desire? The core element of a desire is that why do When you desire something? It's because you do not have it. Otherwise, it's not going to be a desire.

Speaker 1 (03:07)
So the more things you have in your mind that you don't have, the more they're going to make you miserable. Do you understand how easy the concept is? I want the Lamborghini, and I want to go to this hotel, and I want this phone, and I want this blah, blah, blah. All these things every single day. Guess what? With our technology, you have access to what? Instagram, social media, where people have whatever it is that you want. How does that make you feel? Honestly, think about it. How does that make you feel? You feel inadequate. You're like, Oh, those bastard. Why don't I have it? Blah, blah, blah. And that gives you more opportunities to be miserable because of all these desires that you have. Now, the fewer desires you have, the fewer opportunities there are for the external world to make you miserable, even internally as well. And also, unfortunately, a lot of the desires, so that's the thing, you have to limit the number of desires that you have. And you're like, Well, that's easy to say, How do you do this? And blah, blah, blah, et cetera. We'll try to explore. I don't have the answer to that, right?

Speaker 1 (04:21)
No, that I can cover here in this 15-minute episode, right? But you have to limit the quantity of That's the first thing. Again, think about it. What is a desire? A desire is you're craving something you do not have. Things that you don't have, how does that make you feel? It makes you feel sad and blah, blah, blah. So, logically, the more desires you have, the more chances you have of being unhappy because you don't have that stuff. So that's the first thing. Now, the second thing is the nature of that desire. And that makes a huge difference. So what I mean is, most people's desires are materialistic. Oh, I want this house. I want this hotel. I want this watch. I want this phone. It's always something material. And so, one thing that you want to do, and I think if you're able to do this thing there, is change the nature of your desires. So go from a product or service or something material to a value, a philosophical concept, something like this. Me, for example, again, I told you, I had this discussion, and when I was listening to this book, I realized that, Hey, you know what?

Speaker 1 (05:51)
And that makes you think. That's why I like listening to books. I like to have philosophical conversations with people because then There are things that you have been living and you're like, oh, this is how you formulate it. And I realized that, here's the thing. I have one desire, one that I can tell you this is my deepest desire. And that desire is peace. This is all I want. I do not care about the phone. I don't want another computer. I don't want a blah, I don't. All I want is peace. And Guys, you cannot imagine how easier my life is than a lot of people. I see a lot of people suffering. I had this discussion even yesterday. And you know what? I can't deal with this stuff. People were always moaning and complaining about. I can't. It's hard. And I feel bad that someone has to go through this stuff. You know what I mean? And so change the nature of your desires from a material object to a concept or something. You want peace of mind. This is what I'm on. I want peace. Okay? And my life is very simple. I cannot begin to express how simple my life is.

Speaker 1 (07:15)
A lot of you guys will hate my life. I eat the same thing every day. I don't have to go change. I will do the same thing every day. I just do the stuff that I like to do. I don't have fancy clothes. I don't need to go. For example, like fashion, I'm always six years, seven years behind fashion. I don't know if you've taken the time to realize what fashion is doing to people. Now, The question changes. Remember a few years ago, you need to have a big beard, like a homeless person, to get women. I don't know how that works. And then now everybody's like, Oh, I need this beard. Oh, everybody is doing this. Everybody is buying new balance I need to do this. Oh, everybody's doing this. And now you are just following what everybody is doing. Because you have all these desires of, Oh, I need to fit in. I need to do this. Me, dude, the only thing I want is peace. So I'm not like, Fashion is really not for me. People make fun of me. Oh, you dress like in the '90s or something. Yeah, who cares?

Speaker 1 (08:22)
I do not have the desire to possess all these things just because. You know what I mean? And just changing the nature. I think that's the key. Now, I'm thinking while I'm recording this episode, right? Changing the nature of your desire is going to automatically limit the number. It's like automatically. Remember I told you, you need to be either productive or efficient. This is a perfect example of efficiency. Find out what is that one change that will affect everything. I think that if you change the nature of your desire, then it will automatically change the number. Guys, I don't know what I can tell you. I'm a happy person. I'm a happy person, not happy jumping left and right. All right, guys, I don't know what I can tell you, but I'm a happy person. I'm not the happiest person in the sense There's joy and people jumping up and down, etc. No, I'm just very... I wake up in the morning, I'm happy, I'm content, I'm happy with the life that I have. I'm happy with my choices, I'm happy with the life that I built because that life is tailor-made for me. It's perfect for me.

Speaker 1 (09:51)
It's like a gloss. I'm just happy that I did this Inner work. I don't want to get philosophical in meta-physics and all that stuff. You know what I mean? But just getting to know yourself and understanding, Hey, how much do you actually need? You know what I mean? What is it that you really want? And not being affected by external forces of, Oh, this is what you need to want, and now you want so many different things. It's a major difference that I see. Again, I have someone that I know, and it's always every day is an argument about something completely stupid that they want and that they don't have, one of these desires that makes them out of the blue, Oh, I'm mad, I'm sad, and I don't understand. The solution is change the nature of your desires, and automatically, the number is going to is going to shrink. So make it a value, make it philosophical, make it like a... Don't go after it like some lifestyle, something, Oh, I want to live in a castle or something. That's not going to help. It is still materialistic. Look at some concept. It's a bit hard for me to say because I've just done it automatically, not automatically over time.

Speaker 1 (11:31)
It's very hard for me to get the concept out of my head and explain it to you, but that's what works for me. Now, I don't know if this is going to work for everybody, but this is just looking at the mere definition of the desire. For me, a desire is craving something you do not have. The more cravings you have, and the more you're going to be unhappy. So hopefully this is going to help a lot of you guys. Guys, if you did like this episode and you like the format and stuff, make sure to subscribe. Also, there's going to be a link in the description. I do have a community where I help people just like you, entrepreneurs, and people are trying to do something in their life. I help them with concepts like this. I show you guys what I'm doing, how it's working for me, how I organize my stuff. Everything's going to be in there. I made it like... Just check it out, okay? Anyway, that is pretty much it. Thank you very much, and I really hope that will you. Bye.


Video 11

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of your favorite podcast. And in this episode, guys, we're going to go straight to the point. I am going to show you a technique that will basically double yourself. And what we're going to do is very, very simple, okay? There is nothing, you don't have to change anything in your pitches. You don't actually have to become a better salesperson. We're just basically going to take a different approach.

Speaker 1 (00:27)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (00:29)
And you can start doing this today and start seeing results today.

Speaker 1 (00:33)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (00:33)
So now, if you're struggling with sales and you don't know how to sell to people, and you don't know how to answer objections and stuff, this episode is going to help you out.

Speaker 1 (00:44)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (00:45)
So let's get started here. So here's the situation. And this is what most people will do, okay? I have a lot of people asking me, hey, Martin, how do I become better at sales? What type of pitches do you use? What is the channel that you use? What sort of automation and stuff like that? And I mean, all these things are good, but there's something that can give you a lot more leverage without any of the technology or anything like this. Okay, so let me explain typically what happens. Let's say, for example, I'm going to take the example of an accounting software, okay? So the highest level is what? Highest level, which a lot of people try to do. Let's. Let's get started with this first, is people are going to try and sell the same thing to everybody. So it could be a man, it could be a woman, it could be a dog, it could be a duck, could be a dead person.

Speaker 1 (01:45)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (01:45)
They are trying to sell that one thing to everybody. So if you're trying to sell to everybody, then you're selling to nobody. And it's going to be very hard for you to convert.

Speaker 1 (01:56)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (01:57)
So you've probably heard this, that the riches are in the niches, okay? And so we go from the top level of, hey, let me make something that's so general that nobody's going to recognize themselves in, to let me niche down and find a market that I need to target.

Speaker 1 (02:14)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (02:15)
So that is the first step. That's the first step of what you need to do now in the niche process. What is it that people are doing? So let's go back to my example of accounting software. So I have this accounting software, and it has amazing features that are going to make the accountant's life a lot easier.

Speaker 1 (02:35)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (02:35)
And I will go out and guess what I will do? I will go find accountants.

Speaker 2 (02:41)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (02:42)
Because who is going to use the software and who is knowledgeable in the software, and that will be, you know, capable enough to understand the kind of, like, the benefits of this thing and the technology is accountants.

Speaker 1 (02:59)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (02:59)
So what you are going to do is that you are going to go and look for accountants and then show them the software.

Speaker 1 (03:06)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (03:07)
So now your software is going to be an improvement to what they already have.

Speaker 1 (03:13)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (03:14)
So, hey, mister accountant, you're probably using this outdated software. How? Software has this. Now, instead of pressing 25 buttons, you're going to press one button and then it's going to work.

Speaker 1 (03:24)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (03:25)
And it is specifically for accountants. You should go sign up because guess what? You are an accountant. So this is very effective. It is a lot more effective than trying to sell that accounting software to everybody and nobody.

Speaker 1 (03:41)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (03:42)
So just by drilling down and picking a profession, accountants, for an accounting software, guess what, you know, these people, they will need an accounting software. Then you are going to get better results. Right? Now, the thing is this, is that, what if I told you that there's a better approach than this? Because you might be like, aha. That's exactly what I do. I'm the best. I know it. Well, there's something even better than this.

Speaker 1 (04:07)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (04:08)
Remember what I told you? I told you that that accounting software is very likely, that it's going to be an improvement to what they already have.

Speaker 1 (04:17)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (04:18)
So they might have some outdated software that they've been using for years and stuff, but that is to say, it is an improvement. Okay, so what do I mean by this? I mean that people are usually satisfied and they will stick to whatever they already have, even if what you're showing them is far superior. They're like, dude, I need to change. And, yeah, well, there's an improvement, but it's not major and stuff. Right? So you. Right now, you are selling them an improvement to something they already have, and they will need to migrate. They will need to change their habits and all that kind of stuff. That's the first thing. First problem.

Speaker 1 (04:57)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (04:57)
Now don't get me wrong. You can get sales, but I'm going to show you something that's going to allow you to make even more sales. So the second element that I want to talk to you about is the alternatives. So I'm an accountant, okay? And I know accounting, and maybe there is some alternatives that I found that's super cool, right? And. Or maybe I've already developed my own internal accounting system because I'm an accountant and I'm really, really good at systemizing stuff. And, yeah, you know what? I don't necessarily know software.

Speaker 1 (05:35)
Okay.

Speaker 1 (05:35)
And also, I have so much experience in the field that guess what? I might have this objection of. Yeah, but, well, in my case, this thing doesn't work because XYZ. But hey, you know, check it out. The taxing doesn't work and stuff. Okay, so there are, like, flaws here that will cause you to lose sales. First is because you're selling an improvement to something that people already have. Now, second thing is these people, they have other options. And third is they have expertise, meaning that some of those things that you're showing them, they could somehow do it. Okay, so remember, we went from trying to sell to everybody to trying to sell to a niche. And that niche is the prime recipient of whatever it is that you're selling, product or service. Okay, but guess what? There is another option. And in this option, you will have zero resistance. Zero resistance. And you don't have to become a better salesperson. I guess you can even be a bad salesperson and be able to make sales over there without any resistance. So what is that? Okay, so let me explain a concept to you, and I'm asking you the question at home.

Speaker 1 (06:57)
It's going to be a little bit interactive. What is the kind of, like, the best type of clients? There are two elements, right? There are two elements. I'm going to tell you, because it was element number one is the person you're targeting. They need that service. They desperately need that service. Okay, so accountants, they need an accounting software, all right? Or, you know, to do their job. That's. That's what they do 8 hours a day. They need some stuff. Okay, so that condition is met. Right. But there's a second condition which is not met in this case, right, is you want to find someone who has a desperate need for what you are selling, but they have no idea how to make it happen. No clue whatsoever. And these are the best clients. So now, an accountant for an accounting software. They do. They're accountants. They know. All right, so they could see something in your software like, oh, yeah, well, I know how to do it. I have other options. I know where to look. Okay, so that's why you want to niche down. Okay, you still niching down. But you are now going to go in the market where people have no idea how to get this stuff done.

Speaker 1 (08:18)
And so they desperately need it, but they do not know how to get it done. Okay, so in this example, let's say, for example, I will keep the accounting software. Let's get, let's say you are going to target morticians. You're out of all people, morticians. Do you think morticians know anything about accounting? They have other things. Do they need to bear people? Right. So they don't know. They just know that, oh, my God, last time I got hit with penalties for taxes, you know, it's a nightmare. I'm not an accountant. I don't know what to do. You know, what the hell do I do? How do I solve this problem? They do not know how to fix that problem. You are going to fix it for them. And that's the reason why I told you, you won't have any objections. The mortician is not going to tell you. Yeah, but the formula you use to calculate the vat is not the best. No, they're going to tell you, oh, my God, please install it for me. And so you do not need to become a super good salesperson. On the contrary, it can be a lot simpler.

Speaker 1 (09:20)
You can be a bad salesperson because you're selling to people who need it, but they have no clue. Okay, so same thing. I give you a, let's say, for example, the plumber, right? The plumber. You're selling them a. An AI automation for their chatbot. Do you think they can build it? No. Right? If you try to sell it to a developer, they can be like, oh, yeah, that's good. It's a little bit better than what I was doing, but guess what? Oh, yeah, you, I could do it myself, or, oh, yeah, but did you think about the code? And then, you know what I mean? So that is the best type of client that you want. You want those people who have no clue how to, how to build it. And just like that, can you just see just for yourself? Like, aha. Well, yes, of course these people are not going to object. I don't have to deal with so many objections, you know, and so me, for example, I am terrible at, you know, like, you know, hands, I would say, like, I'm not a handy person, right? And so if I need to build something, I don't know how to do it, but sometimes I desperately need it.

Speaker 1 (10:21)
I need something fixed in the house, right? Someone comes and says, hey, look, I'm going to fix it, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. I'm going to say, yeah, please, please go fix it right now. If I were a handyman, yeah, but are you going to come from the left or from the right? No, I don't like your approach. Maybe I'll do it myself. You know what I mean? So this is when you have all these objections, okay? So now look in your targeting, right? Right. Now, who are you targeting? Are you targeting? So are you at the top general level if you're there, dude, you need to niche down, okay? Now if you've done the second step and you niche down, but you are talking to specialists, people who are. So now, please, please don't get me wrong, people have built empires on this level there, okay? So I'm not saying you're not going to make any sales. You're going to make a ton of sales. Because if these people need it in their everyday life and you make it so people buy speed and they buy convenience, okay? So if you're able to build something that is fast and that is easy for them, they're gonna buy it.

Speaker 1 (11:21)
It doesn't matter if they're, if they're experts, okay? But that other level where these people have no clue how to do it, these will be the best clients. So look, in your business, who are those people? Who are those people right now in your business that, hey, what if we targeted those folks? And you will see that the new sales are going to be a lot, a lot easier.

Speaker 1 (11:45)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (11:46)
That is a gold nugget. So if you're listening to this, oh, guys, if you're still listening here and if you've been listening to the previous episodes and stuff like that, guys, thank you very much. It's a pleasure for me to do this and hopefully it will help you guys and go and try it.

Speaker 1 (12:03)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (12:04)
Because I keep telling this to everybody, the success likes speed and likes execution.

Speaker 1 (12:12)
Okay?

Speaker 1 (12:13)
Don't just watch this video and don't apply. Go out, execute. Look at your targeting right now and start thinking of an alternative targeting of people who will need that service, but they have no idea how to get it. And you will see the results, you'll see the changes. You might see that your conversion rates are a whole lot better than with the other ones because they're already set. They don't necessarily want to move because here, in this case, the mortician, there's a good chance that the mortician doesn't have an accounting software. So you're not upgrading something, you are creating something new. Right, there you go. I'm going to set up the software for you. I'm going to make it so simple that even a monkey could use it and you'll never have problems with the IR's again. And you only need to press one or two buttons. They don't need the super complicated stuff. You set it up for them. Super basic, super, like, binary. Click here, press this button. Done. And then go back. Bury people. Right. That is pretty much it. Sorry.

Speaker 1 (13:14)
Hi.

Speaker 1 (13:15)
Example was a little bit morbid. And if you're a mortician, please forgive me, because I guess the mortician doesn't actually bury people. But anyway, I don't want to make this do morbid. Anyway, guys, hopefully that was of use for you guys. Go out and do this exercise and action it. And if you do, like, the podcast, if you like the energy, if you like the spontaneity. Spontaneity. Then make sure to subscribe to the channel. That will make my day. Thank you very much. You have a good day. Bye.

Video 12

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to another episode of your Shaver podcast, guys. And in today's episode, I am going to help you overcome the problem of not being able to start because it might be one thing that you're doing right now that's actually preventing you from getting anything done. Okay? We've all been there. I go through that stuff for many different fields, and it's probably that you're going through stuff when it comes to starting an online business. And I will say that the main reason why this happens is because of the plan. So people will tell you that you don't get anywhere because you don't have a plan. So it's very true. If you do not have a plan, you plan to fail. There's an expression like this. So you do want to have a plan in a direction of how you're going to get there, and you have to try and simplify this plan so that there are not 25 different steps. That is the key. The key is having a plan. Again, as I said, don't make a plan that's way too complicated because otherwise, you're not going to be able to execute.

Speaker 1 (01:15)
But here's the thing, the plan, it's not everything. The plan could actually do a disservice to what you're trying to do. Because here's what happens. What happens is that you or we tend to fall in love with the plan, and we tend to dwell way too long on the plan. And that is a terrible mistake. So you do need a plan, but you need to make sure that you don't dwell too much on the planning phase. There's a point where you have enough information to go out and get stuff done, and then it will validate or invalidate the plan. I play board games, and there's this game that I play with friends. It's called TAC. It's very interesting because some of these board games and some of these activities that you have in life, they're actually very relevant to other things. But generally speaking, people don't necessarily associate things. But let me explain. In TAC, you have a certain number of cards, and then you have a partner, and then you guys have a client or something you have to accomplish. And guys, on paper, the plan is marvelous. It's flawless. Oh, man, it's going to work.

Speaker 1 (02:39)
Now, the problem is other people have a plan as well. And that plan There's a very good chance that it conflicts with your plan. And your plan does not take into account every possible variable or crazy stuff that these people are going to pull. Yesterday, for example, we were playing and everything was written. It was like, okay, I move this one ball and that's it, end of the game. But then someone had other ideas and they moved me. And then next thing you know that the whole thing goes out the window. What I want to explain here is that The plan is probably never going to actually manifest what you think is going to happen. It is not going to happen this way. There is What you're saying, Mike Tyson, for example, he said something. I think it was, Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face, which is very true. Because your plan is basically based on the best case scenario when everything goes well. You can plan for contingencies. If this happens, then we do this. If this happens, then we do this. Obviously, with enough experience, and you've seen enough of these problems happen before, those contingencies will be effective.

Speaker 1 (04:05)
But you cannot plan for everything. You cannot assume that what you have on that paper that looks fantastic is going to work. I was watching this boxing match yesterday, like highlights, of a guy named Vassili Lomachenko. Very, very good boxer. Anyway, so at the end of this, he won the fight. At the of the fight, then you have an interview. The other person was interviewed, and the guy said, Hey, look, we prepared. We had a plan, and we prepared against his weapons that he usually does this, blah, blah, blah. We had a plan, but it turns out that the plan went out the window the second the guy started to get punched in the face, in the stomach, and everything. That's very, very symptomatic. You just have to understand that The truth and the actual data are actually on the field. It's not on the paper. You do need a plan because otherwise you're going nowhere. But do not think that whatever you have on that paper, on the board or on a diagram or something, that this is set in stone and this is going to happen because most of the time it is not.

Speaker 1 (05:28)
A lot of people People just get stuck on that planning phase. Or let me plan for this. Then you realize that, Oh, wait, but this could happen. Then, Let me plan for this and stuff like that. Then you get new information. Oh, wow. Let me integrate that new information in my plan, everything. And then you never start. I met so many people who told me, Hey, man, I'm going to start this thing. And then a year later, I asked them, Where are you with this? Oh, no, I haven't started. I'm still thinking about blah. I'm like, Well, go and execute. Go and execute. It doesn't have to be perfect because nothing is going to be perfect from the beginning. Go execute the field, the punches in the face. They will tell you way more than the planning that you can do on paper. Now, I'm saying this because naturally this is how I'm built. I'm also built to analyze every possible aspect and contingency plan and stuff like that. This is how I'm built naturally. I basically have to try not to be myself and try to execute more. This is why I have people in my circle, people who just go out and they execute.

Speaker 1 (06:49)
Sometimes I'm like, Dude, you have zero information. How do you go in there? They just execute, and they manage to move fast and change direction very fast because they have the data. That you do not have if you keep planning and planning and planning and postponing. Also, Well, there's a new technology that came out. Let me plan for that one, et cetera. My message for you is planning and talks and promises and stuff do not matter. What matters is action. Action. Go on the field and do it. This is what matters. You You can talk all you want about, Oh, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. I'm planning on doing this. I'm planning on doing that. How many people have told you, Well, I am planning on doing this, and then they'd never do anything? Go ahead and do it. Do it fast. Do it cheap. It doesn't have to cost you a lot of money. Because we always assume, because I've seen people, they plan and they plan and they plan and there is this big budget. Oh, let me put 10 grands ads. And people tell you, what do they tell you?

Speaker 1 (08:02)
Look, under four grand of ad stand, you have zero data. But this is where you've probably heard this. You have to spend money to acquire the data with ads. Basically, they make this big, massive plan. They go out, they spend like five grand, and then they realize, Oh, my God, it doesn't work. Don't do that. Find a way to get the information super fast and action, action, action. Now, obviously, again, as I said, you need to have a plan, but it doesn't have to be super detailed with 20 million variables. Is you have an hypothesis, and then from this hypothesis, you're going to build a very simple plan, and then you execute the plan. Because that's the thing. The key difference here is this, is most people, when they have a plan, They have certainty, or what they think is certainty. This is the plan. This is going to work. This is what's going to happen. That's most people. What you want to have is an hypothesis. I think that this is going to happen, and I'm willing to test it out. And if it doesn't work or if it's not the best way to do it, I am willing to adapt so that I can reach that goal.

Speaker 1 (09:31)
And that is for me, if you ask me, it's a million times better because it will give you, even for your own mental health as well. Because if you have that, certainly that is supposed to work, if it doesn't work, then you feel like an idiot, you feel like, Oh, you don't deserve this, and blah, blah, blah, and then it will mess up with your brain. If it's an hypothesis, the hypothesis is, Hey, this is what I think is going to happen. There is a good There's a good chance that this thing might work. Let me try it. But there is a good chance that it might not happen. So let me find out what will. That makes a huge, huge difference. For anybody watching and People were like, You have a hard time studying anything and you feel like, Oh, well, I'm inadequate and stuff. It's probably because you're stuck at the plan level. Don't get stuck at the at the plan level. For a minute, an hypothesis. Okay, this is where I'm trying to go. Now, I believe that this road might lead me there. Now, I have no certainty, but I'm willing to try, and let me try to go there fast.

Speaker 1 (10:50)
If it's not the right route, then maybe there is another one. That way, you are going to get started fast, and then you're going to get started with the mindset of, Hey, if it doesn't work out, it's fine because there are other options. That will kill two birds with one stone. This is some of the things that we do in our community. I will show people how I execute and stuff. Basically, I have an hypothesis. I will make a video, spontaneous video, telling the community, Hey, look, I'm trying to do this. I have this hypothesis. Let me test it. I will test it live. I will show you guys the results. This is what I'm trying to do. And then it turns out that most of the time, maybe it doesn't work the way I want it, but then something else happens. And then guess what? I have this new way of doing things that I didn't consider in the beginning. That is my message for you guys is, do not get stuck in the planning phase. And second thing, do not go in with certainty. I mean, unless this is something that you've done like 3 billion times, we have a certain level of certainty.

Speaker 1 (11:58)
I'm saying, go there with a hypothesis mindset of that might work, and if it doesn't work, it's okay because it was an hypothesis, and that will help you. Because if you're discouraged, if you're demoralized, you will stop. If you are forming hypothesis, then all you do, you're basically troubleshooting, and you're just going to continue until you find the right one, and that is where you're going to find the success. That is pretty much it for this episode, guys. I will see you in the next one. See you. Bye.

 
Video 13

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to a new episode of your favorite podcast. All right, guys. In this episode, what I'm going to do is I'm going to answer a question that a lot of people ask me, which is, what tools do you use in your business? Because a lot of you guys want to know, and I have a few tools that I want to present to you guys. What I'm going to do, I'm going to do a like a series for the next couple of episodes where I'm going to basically dissect some stuff that I use in my business. First thing I want to say is tools are just tools. Don't necessarily focus on the tools. You need to focus on the strategy and what you're trying to achieve. It's very, very important. What matters is the strategy. Today, I'm going to start with the tool. This tool, guys, it basically allows me to clone myself and make sure that my The team is 100 times better than they were yesterday with one click. I called this tool, I called it Koopy Ninja. It's a really amazing tool. Here What's the problem? I will define the problem, and this is probably a problem that you have yourself.

Speaker 1 (01:21)
Let's say you, in your business, you are the specialist. You have the knowledge, you have the experience, you've been in the business for 15 years, you hire people, and these people are helping you grow the business, but they do not have your expertise. They're not you. That sounds familiar. Then this is going to be interesting for you. That means that when something complex or something that requires in-depth knowledge arises, then guess what? You have to intervene. You're needed. That means that you cannot get away from the business. You're trapped in the business. I mean, unless you've taken the to train your team and pass everything that you know over to the team to make your life easier. But that takes... It doesn't take that much time, but people just assume that it takes time, they don't know how to do it, etc. That is the problem that I wanted to solve. I have a lot of knowledge that I've acquired over the years, and I wanted my staff to be able to get that knowledge like this. That's why I created this tool. In this tool, I literally I'm showing myself in the sense that...

Speaker 1 (02:32)
So this is how the tool is designed is we will create a... Let's say we're working on a project, and I have a few projects here that I want to give you as an example. And then I'm going to show you examples of how we use this stuff. Let's say, for example, you are a renowned business coach. When you formulate an answer for a prospect, it's a really well-structured answer that goes into details and questions that only experts will ask and cover angles and stuff like that. Right now, your team is not able to doing. So my tool, I am basically able to extract my brain. I put it in that tool for that specific project. So here, for example, we have a project for suspended ad accounts. That's the one that I'm looking at right now. And so the task for my team is to go and identify people who have that specific problem, and then we start engaging with them. This is for a special project that I'm running. You don't want to engage just like, Hey, how's it going? You want something that looks very nice. I'm basically taking my brain and all the knowledge that I have and how I I would basically contact that person or answer their problems and come up with a plan and everything, and I put it in this tool.

Speaker 1 (04:10)
Now, my team, all they have to do is to find people who have this problem. This is the magic. They press one button, and the tool is basically going to extract my knowledge, and it's going to put it into a super cool mechanism. That basically, with that one extraction that I did of my intellect, it can create billions of variations of this, which stays the same thing, but it's different words. Now my team is able to go out, identify someone, they press a button, boom, they paste, done. It's already well-structured and everything. Because here's the concept. The concept for me is my team is everything to me, and I need to make make sure that my team can do their work as fast and as easily as humanly possible so that they have a great time doing it and they have more time to level up and learn other things. Because at the end of the day, my team, they come every single day in my business and they give me their time. My job is to make sure that their job is not stressful. I always communicate with the team and ask them, Okay, this is what What we have to do.

Speaker 1 (05:30)
Where are you losing time? What's costing you time? What's hard to do? Then we create the tools to help them out. Now, you might think that it's very altruistic, which I guess it is because Guys, in my team, 10 years, 11 years now, one person has left. One. They all stayed because my goal is to make sure that they're happy doing their job, that it's easy for them. When I create those tools, it makes their life happier and easier. But at the end of the day, guess what? Because they can take care of all these tasks that will normally require me because I have the expertise, now I'm no longer needed for that stuff. Now I have time to go out and do something else. Even if you're not doing it for your staff, which you should do for your team, do it for for selfish reasons, because at the end of the day, who benefits from it? It's you. This tool is amazing. I'm going to give you... I have examples of things that we're doing here. For example, we identify someone who has this problem, they press a button, and then the answer is there.

Speaker 1 (06:49)
But it doesn't stop there. I put an option to add a call to action, yes or no. Because now, if you go on a platform and all you're doing is you're posting link, link, link, link, link, link, link In a while, we will add a call to action. I have a checkbox. If they check that box, when they press generate, it generates the answer. But it will also take from... I think I have 30 call to actions, different ways of saying the same thing. Then it will take one, and then it will use that technology that I told you, and each of them has about maybe 10,000 to 15,000 variations. In one click, there is a massive, super high quality in-depth response that's being done. I tell them, 20% of the time, just tick the box. Boom, call to action. Hey, if you need help with this stuff, hit me. My team is able to do this as if they were me. Now, other things that we do is you guys know that the money is in the follow-up. What I did is, how would I follow up with these people? What are the methods that I've used in the past that work for me?

Speaker 1 (08:14)
I have my own templates and stuff, different options. What I did is I extracted all this and I put it in the tool. That's the same person, let's say, for example, the person replies, Hey, yes, indeed, blah, blah, blah. They press a button. Guess what? It happens as if it was me. If the person did not reply, then we have another scenario. They just scroll, oh, yeah. They press a button, that's it, it's done, bam. This is one example. Let me give you another example of how this is being used. It's a really cool tool. For example, maybe you're watching this on LinkedIn, I don't know. But for my social media management, especially LinkedIn, you might have seen that I have different call to actions after each post. It's not always the same thing. Well, we're using this. Basically, what I did is I decided to take these call to actions that I will use and that I've seen work in my experience with my emails and everything, and then I put them in this tool. Basically, what happens is when my team is helping me with the LinkedIn management and creating the content that you guys are seeing, guess what?

Speaker 1 (09:29)
They press a button, there's one CTA being added at the end. It makes their life a lot easier. Imagine if your team had these tools and they can execute 10 It becomes faster than your competitor. You know what I mean? We have this. We have comments management. When people comment on your stuff, you want to go out and You thank them and stuff. But you're not just going to... Some people just copy and paste. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Well, guess what? We put it in this machine. Extracted different ways of thanking people for taking their time to come and check out my stuff and everything, they press a button, bang, boom, it's done. Now, this is for some networks where I don't want to put my attention. Because what What I think is you should put your attention on one network, but you can be on several networks using automation, using the power of automation. This is what I teach entrepreneurs in my mastermind and in my community is When you create, for example, this piece of content is going to generate approximately 50 pieces of content, just this. That's going to be scattered in different social media networks and stuff.

Speaker 1 (10:57)
There are some social media networks. I have an If there's not there, there's content there, but my focus is not there. Because my focus is not there, I will ask someone or basically create a robot or something that will go out and take care of the things like answering comments and all that stuff. But the one I'm focusing on, I am going to do it myself. This tool is absolutely amazing because, again, the end goal of it, so don't necessarily just look at the technology, is what's the end goal? The end goal for me is to create a business that can run without me because my unique expertise is no longer needed. I do not need to be present for that quality and that level of answer or analysis to be done. And that is why I created this tool. If you are interested in things like this that, wow, you know what? If my team... Let's imagine you have a team, I don't I don't know how big your company is, but let's say you have a team of 10 people. If 10 people were you, you clone yourself, and 10 people can do what you do, how much do you think that will benefit your company?

Speaker 1 (12:13)
That's my question, right? Now, if you think that, Hey, you know what? Actually, that's awesome. That will catapult my business to the stratosphere, then maybe it's a good idea that we have a chat. So I do have a community of entrepreneurs where I teach them this I show them how it's built, I show them how it works, and then they can go out and reproduce those things for themselves, for their business, and adapt it to their business. Because what I'm teaching you is the concept, the goal. Again, I told you, the goal for me was to create a business that can run without me because my expertise is no longer needed. And the second objective is to make sure that my staff is happy to come to work. Their life is easier because if it's easier, they can execute 10 times more. And with more execution, we have more results. Super simple. So that was the first tool that I wanted to tell you about, guys. And in the next couple of episodes, I'm going to tell you about other tools that I'm using in my business that I created to basically achieve that result of having a business that basically runs without me.

Speaker 1 (13:28)
All right? Thank you very much. If you guys are interested in learning how to do those things, again, I have a mastermind where I teach entrepreneurs how to do it. Just get in touch, comment below, and I will see you later. All right? Bye.


Video 14

Speaker 1 (00:00)
Hey, what is up, guys? Welcome to a new episode of this podcast. In this episode, guys, we're going to keep going on our series where I'm basically explaining some of the tools that I use in my business every single day. This series is for you guys at home who feel like you have no time, you have endless to-do lists, and so much work that you are just drowning. You're like, How the hell do other people manage all this work? I am able to produce, I will say, frankly, 100 times more work than some people that I've seen. I'm very surprised. Sometimes I'm like, Why is it that slow? I don't understand. It's just because I've acquired reflexes to basically help me get things done faster. This is one of the things that I'm going to present to you today. I'm going to start with a use case in the story, which is my story, which is I basically created a whole bunch of applications and shortcuts for my computer that you see here, where I just have to press a few buttons and stuff and then things happen. But a series of action Sometimes it could be like 120 things will happen with me just pressing a few buttons, which will normally take 15 people and the whole day.

Speaker 1 (01:26)
Here by pressing a button, it will do. My reflex is this, and my philosophy is you have to choose your pain when you want to suffer, I will say, because for me, it's not suffering. There are two options. You can either have the pleasure now and then suffer for the rest of your life. Meaning, for example, there is this task that you have to do. It will take you an hour a day. You're like, No, it's just an hour. Let me do it. But you will do it for the rest of your life. You will just postpone that suffering stuff. You're basically going for the immediate gratification of not taking the time because it does take time to plan and fix this, not taking that time to fix it, well, basically will force you to suffer for the rest of your life. Or there's another approach. This is what I do, and this is what I do for everything, and maybe a little bit too much now, but it's I basically delay gratification. I will take the time to solve that problem once and for all and automate it. Now, because I've done it so many times and my team has done it so many times, now we just do it like this.

Speaker 1 (02:45)
It's super fast because it could be that we've done something that's like 95% similar. We just take that, we take the same logic, we just put it in place. But it means that by me taking an hour half an hour to plan something, I will never have to do it again in the future. That's what I've been doing on my computer. Now, here's what happened. I have like more of this automation on this computer, and sometimes, and I've done it, what is the purpose? Because it's good to have automations. What is the purpose? The purpose is for me to have a great life and be able to go anywhere I want whenever I want. Now, what The reason was, sometimes I was out and there's something that I have to do, but I don't have my laptop with me. I basically either have to go home now so I can go and press the then button, or I can decide, Well, I'm not going to do it now. When I go home, I'm going to do it. Stuff that could not necessarily be completely automated with a bot that just does it. There is still stuff that requires my intervention.

Speaker 1 (04:00)
I started looking and I said, Look, there is something that I always, always have with me, and it's my phone. Is there a way for me to connect my phone to the the internet. You might be like, your phone is connected to the internet, ready? No. I mean, to connect my phone to APIs and automation tools on the internet, just like that. Obviously, there are automation tools that you could try and use from your phone and go and trigger an application or something. But usually, it's not optimized for this. The screen is small, it's a nightmare. Then you might have to do a whole bunch of actions. What I decided to do, I took this phone, and basically, I connected, this phone is connected to every API, every software on the on the planet. Wow, like thousands. What I do is this. It's an iPhone. I don't know about Android. There's an application that's called Shortcuts. I have created shortcuts is normally used to automate stuff on your phone itself. So stuff like, when you get close to your house or something, you can press a button and then it will It's like, I can give it the WiFi or something.

Speaker 1 (05:31)
And when you leave, you just press the button, it removes the WiFi, removes the Bluetooth, remove the blah, blah, all at once. But if you're smart, you can actually connect this phone to APIs on the internet. And this is what I've done. Now, it means that if there's something I have to do, I don't need my computer. I went from the laptop lifestyle that you hear a lot, which is everything can be done with the laptop. I went beyond that. I I can do everything with the smartphone that's down. This year is connected to thousands and thousands of applications. What does that mean for me? It means that, and I've done that many times, let's say I'm out and I'm thinking about something. There's this offer that I want to make. I just go crazy. I'm talking to someone, I'm like, You know what? I think I'll make an offer. Let me send an offer to my list. All I have to do, I press a button, I have a form. There are two fields in the form, I made it super simple now. First field is a brief summary of what the announcement is supposed to be about, and then a box for a link.

Speaker 1 (06:47)
That's it. When I press this, it will send that information over to AI using an API. I will spare you the technical terms. Sends it to AI. Ai has a... I've already configured some template and model framework for AI to basically take the information that I give it saying, Okay, what is it that you want to write about? It is going to rewrite it, write the whole damn email for me and then social media posts and stuff, and then hyperlink and send it to my list. You're like, Well, I could do this with my phone and stuff by going into my email list. But listen to this. Your email software is probably not optimized for you to do it on your phone. You have to select the list, then you have to type the damn thing, and then you have to schedule when it goes out and blah, blah. It's a nightmare. It takes time. Here in this case, everything's already set up, but it doesn't just do my emails. It basically writes the whole email for me, like subject line, body. It will hyperlink everything, it will add PS, it will add the links at the bottom and stuff.

Speaker 1 (07:56)
It's going to connect to my email list. It's going to send an email to my buyers. Then it is going to create a brand new email, a different one, it's going to send it to my prospects, people who haven't bought yet. Just with me taking this phone, it takes me like 2 seconds, right? But it doesn't stop there. What it's going to do is it is basically going to write social media posts, it's going to send it to my LinkedIn, my Twitter, my Pinterest, my Instagram. It's going to write a big Telegram community with 20,000 people. It is basically going to go in there and then make a post. Everything is all pre-determined like the framework. Then what it can do is this. What I added recently was I know that the money is in the follow-up. What I decided to do was this, is when I'm sending this email, I then have a robot that's basically going to calculate a random time between, let's say, 8 hours and 12 hours. We'll calculate that. Then, let's say it's 10 hours. Then 10 hours later, it is going to redo the whole thing. It is basically going to grab that topic that I gave it.

Speaker 1 (09:14)
It's going to write a brand new email for my buyers, and then it's going to rewrite a brand new email for my prospects. It's going to rewrite a brand new social media content, blah, blah, blah. It's going to repost it. Reason being that, When people don't open your emails, it's not because they didn't like it or something. It could be that some people open more in the evening, some people open more in the morning, people were busy with stuff, and then you were at the back of a pile, they didn't have time to read it. Or the way, and when I rewrite those things, I will use different types of subject lines. Some people will be more inclined to open the first one than the second one. You know what I mean? One thing that I realized, and this is something you do, you can double your open rates because it's very fascinating. I will send an email. Let's say, for example, the email has 20% open rate on the first one. The second one will have pretty much the same thing, which is You basically double the impact of your email. All this, guys, just from the phone, it takes me less than a minute to do all this.

Speaker 1 (10:27)
Then for the next, let's say, 12 hours, I have hundreds of things that are happening. What I ended up doing is I have multiple examples of apps like this that I configure on my phone. Things like, for example, there are things that I need to communicate with my team. For example, I find a really cool affiliate program because I make my money with affiliate programs for the most part. I'm talking to someone, I see this affiliate program like, Oh, this is very cool. I have another application, I press a button, I just put the name of the program, and then it will go to the tool online, find all the details about that affiliate program, find the URL and stuff, and then send instructions to my team to go out and sign up for this stuff with all the details of what to do. And then that's it. I don't have to be like, Oh, let me write that down, and then when I go home, I'm going to do it. I have so So there's many things here on my phone. Let me try and see because I don't remember exactly how many I have.

Speaker 1 (11:37)
Where is it? What else do I have? Oh, yeah. I have custom programs that I created. So there was this program that allowed me to... So basically, I downloaded the list of all the websites on the internet for a specific project that I had. And so it's a like 160 million entries. I took all the dot-coms. Sometimes I'm like, okay, I need to find all the websites that have God knows what in it, let's say, a plumber or something. But I'm outside. I have this day, I enter the keyword plumber. It will send out the information over to AI, to the Internet. Ai is going to do the job. It's going to go to that file. It's basically going to extract all the websites that have plumber in there and then put it in a folder. Then it's ready for me to use because then I have the strategy that I use. Let's say, for example, I need to contact plumbers. I have that. What else do I have? I actually have a podcast episode creator. I'm going to run out of time here, but I can basically create a whole podcast from this phone.

Speaker 1 (12:55)
I press a button and then I basically just record. Basically, record an episode like an audio. Then when it's time to upload it, I press this button there. It's going to ask me, Okay, what is the topic? What image you want to use for this episode? I put the image, and then it's basically going to merge the audio with the video, and it creates an audiogram that I could use on YouTube. But then it's going to go and post my episode on Spotify and Apple podcast and blah, blah, blah. It's going to wait until the episode is posted. Once it's posted, it's going to grab all the details, create a blog post on my blog. And then from the blog post now it's going to create a social media content that links to the blog post, and then it's going to wait a few hours to inform the list, and then it's going to do reminders, right? Things like this. And just by me pressing a button here on this phone, okay? So some people might be like, Oh, my God, that will save me so much time. Yes, It does save you a lot of time.

Speaker 1 (14:01)
And it's not rocket science, I will say. You just have to have the right guidance and the right mindset, I will say. And this is exactly what I basically show and teach people in my mastermind. I have a mastermind where I help entrepreneurs who basically have all these things that they need to do, but they don't know. I mean, they feel like, Oh, man, I'm trapped. I'll never get out of it. I need to hire 25 people or something. You don't. If you have these systems and I can show you how that works, I can help you structure the whole thing and putting in place, now, guess what? I don't need an office anymore. I don't need to be in front of my computer. Everything I need to do can be done here with this phone. There's so many more things that can be done now using AI that I'm going to integrate in this phone. That was a very quick overview of this.
